i do not usually read bodice-rippers.
나는 보통 로맨스물은 읽지 않아.

i do not like the stripes on the sides.
양옆의 줄무늬가 마음에 들지 않아요.

i do not like to drive , especially when i am somewhere unfamiliar.
전 운전하는 것을 별로 좋아하지 않아요 , 특히 낯선 곳에서는요.

i do not like people that come the heavy swell over a person.
나는 남에게 거드름을 피우는 사람들을 좋아하지 않는다.

i do not like people who butt in someone else's business.
나는 다른 사람일에 끼어 들어 참견하는 사람들 싫어해.

i do not like doing the laundry.
빨래 하는 것 싫어.

i do not like his rough manner.
나는 그의 거친 태도가 마음에 안든다.

i do not like men who blow their own horn.
나는 자기자랑을 하는 남자들이 싫다.

i do not mean to antagonize anyone here.
나는 여기 있는 누구도 적으로 만들고 싶은 생각이 없다.

i do not mean to provoke you.
널 화나게 하려는게 아니야.

i do not have much choice. i am up shit creek without a paddle.
내게 남겨진 길은 별로 없다. 나는 궁지에 몰려 있다.

i do not have any marketable skills.
저는 장사할 기술이 전혀 없습니다.

i do not have any regrets , really.
정말 여한이 없어요.

i do not have enough money to buy the bare necessities of life.
최소한도의 생활에 필요한 물품을 살 돈도 없다.

i do not have classes on tuesdays and thursdays.
매주 화요일과 목요일엔 수업이 없어요.

i do not have creams or potions.
나는 크림이나 물약울 가지고 있지 않다.

i do not want you to sink to her level.
나는 네가 그녀의 수준에 맞춰 천박해지길 원하지 않는다.

i do not want to go down on my marrowbones for such meaningless problem.
그렇게 하찮은 문제 때문에 무릎을 꿇고싶지 않다.

i do not want to be a person who is the cuckoo in the nest.
평화스러운 부모 자식 관계를 해치는 사람이 되고 싶진 않다.

i do not want to be late.
지각하고 싶지 않아요.

i do not want to be late for work.
일에 늦기 싫어.

i do not want to be associated with such uncivilized people.
저런 야만인들과는 상종하기 싫다.

i do not want to hear about it !.
듣기 싫다 !.

i do not want to hear halfway.
난 어정쩡한 소리는 듣고 싶지 않아.

i do not want to touch our nest egg.
비상금에는 손대고 싶지 않아요.

i do not want to vote for either the left-wing or the right-wing candidate. i prefer someone with more middle-of-the-road views.
나는 좌경 후보나 우경 후보에게 투표하고 싶지 않다. 좀 더 중도적인 견해의 후보자가 좋다.

i do not want to throw a monkey wrench in works , but have you checked your plans with a lawyer ?.
저는 풍파를 일으키고 싶지 않은데 당신의 계획을 변호사와 의논했습니까 ?.

i do not want to win by cheating.
나는 치사한 방법으로 이기고 싶지 않다.

i do not want to die under anaesthesia.
나는 마취상태에서 죽긴 싫어.

i do not want to prolong this matter unduly.
나는 이 문제를 지나치게 연장하는 것을 원하지 않는다.

i do not want to offend you , but i am glad to hear it.
널 기분 나쁘게 하고 싶진 않지만 , 그 소식을 들으니 기쁘구나.

i do not want there to be any misunderstanding.
아무런 오해가 없기를 바랍니다.

i do not want any animosity.
나는 아무런 적대감정도 갖고 싶지 않아요.

i do not want outsiders meddling in the matter.
나는 외부인이 그 일에 개입하는 것을 원치 않는다.

i do not think i will take your late paper.
난 늦은 과제는 받지 않을 거란다.

i do not think you have a choice in the matter.
그 문제는 너도 어쩔 수 없을 거야.

i do not think it is impossible that some form or modified of the scandinavian model could be applied.
북유럽의 일부 모델이나 변형된 형태가 한국에 적용되는 것이 가능하다고 생각합니다.

i do not think that it is bad to throw out a tub to the whale.
나는 위험을 피하기 위하여 남의 눈을 속이는 것이 나쁘다고 생각하지 않는다.

i do not see a price tag.
가격표가 안 보이는데요.

i do not feel like going there.
나 거기에 가고 싶지 않아.

i do not feel like cracking a joke.
농담할 기분이 아니에요.

i do not find him very communicative.
내가 볼 때 그는 말을 잘 안 하는 것 같다.

i do not know the answer. please give me a hint.
답을 모르겠어요. 힌트 좀 주세요.

i do not know where to bury my wife and children.
나는 내 아내와 아이들이 어디에 묻어있는지 모른다.

i do not know anything about the radio transmit.
나는 무선송신에 대해서 아무것도 모른다.

i do not know how i can ever repay your kindness.
은혜를 어떻게 갚아야 할지 모르겠습니다.

i do not know my ass from a hole in the ground.
나는 아무것도 모른다.

i do not know my size. will you please measure me ?.
제 칫수를 모르는데요 , 좀 재 주시겠습니까 ?.

i do not know about your teeth but my molars are flat like vegetarian animals.
어금니 하나가 부러졌다.

i do not know why you want to do me wrong.
왜 날 힘들게 하려는지 모르겠군요.

i do not know if i can afford a tutor.
가정 교사를 둘 (만한) 형편이 될지 모르겠어.

i do not give a crap.
난 신경 안 써 !.

i do not accept that we have ever wanted to sideline the un.
우리가 유엔이 제대로 활동하지 않기를 바래왔다는 것을 인정하지 않는다.

i do not wear a mask when i go on stage.
저는 무대에 올라갈 때 가면을 쓰지 않습니다.

i do not wish to cast any aspersion on any particular religious group.
특정 종요 단체에 대해 비방하고 싶지 않다.

i do not care what society says.
사회가 뭐라 말하든 전 상관없습니다.

i do not expect that to be straightforward.
솔직해지기를 기대하지 않는다.

i do not watch many sitcoms. they seem all the same to me.
난 시트콤은 별로 많이 안 봐. 다 똑같은 거 같애.

i do not altogether agree with you.
내가 네게 전적으로 동의하는 건 아냐.

i do not subscribe to his religious ideas.
종교에 대한 그의 생각에 찬동하지 않는다.

i do not criticise them for those changes.
나는 그러한 변화들로 그들을 비난하지 않는다.

i do yoga six days a week.
일주일에 6일은 요가를 하죠.

i took a bath last saturday and i am all clean.
지난 토요일에 목욕해서 아주 깨끗한 상태란 말이야.

i took a trip recently to go to atlanta.
저는 얼마 전에 애틀랜타에 간 적이 있었습니다.

i usually have lunch at noon.
나는 대개 정오에 점심을 먹는다.

i usually flip over once or twice , think for a few minutes about any tests i have the next day , and then snooze away.
보통 한 두 번 뒤척이며 , 다음 날 시험에 대해 몇 분 생각하다 잠이 든다.

i am a little red and a little blue.
약간 화가 나기도 하고 , 슬프기도 하네요.

i am a little chilly , is the heat on ?.
몸이 으슬으슬 추운데 , 히터 튼 거예요 ?.

i am a vietnam era veteran.
나는 베트남전 참전 용사이다.

i am a citizen of this country.
저는 이 나라의 국민입니다.

i am a light drinker. i do not want to drink anymore.
저는 술을 잘 못 합니다. 더 이상 마시고 싶지 않습니다.

i am a million won out of pocket by this transaction.
이 거래에서 백만 원 밑지고 있다.

i am a husband , a father and a breadwinner.
나는 남편이고 , 아버지 그리고 가장이다.

i am a frequent traveler coming in from japan at the moment for instance.
저는 지금 일본에서 오는 길인데 , 해외로 자주 나갑니다.

i am a bit of a loner.
나는 고독을 즐기는 사람이다.

i am a disgrace to my family.
난 우리 가문의 불명예스런 존재야.

i am a licensed surveyor , and for the past five years , i have been working as a surveyor and cartographer for the colorado department of transportation.
저는 측량사 면허를 소지하고 있으며 지난 5년 동안 콜로라도 교통부에서 측량사 겸 지도 제작자로 근무했습니다.

i am a striker and it is my job to score goals.
나는 공격수이고 골을 득점하는 것이 내가 할 일 이다.

i am a beginner , but i have done my homework.
초보는 초본데 , 연구를 조금 했죠.

i am a texan who works for an hourly wage at a discount store.
난 택사스 사람으로 할인마트에서 시급받고 일한다.

i am a lifeguard. i really love the ocean.
전 수상 안전 요원이에요. 바다를 정말 사랑해요.

i am in a dilemma , unable to satisfy both sides.
저쪽을 봐줄 수도 없고 이쪽을 봐줄 수도 없어 입장이 난처하다.

i am in a hurry , driver. step on it !.
기사 양반 , 급합니다. 속력을 내주세요 !.

i am in the prime of senility. (benjamin franklin).
나는 고령의 황금기에 있다. (벤자민 프랭클린 , 인생명언).

i am in need of some information on the ab project.
ab 프로젝트에 관한 정보가 좀 필요해요.

i am in favour of the status quo.
나는 현상유지를 선호한다.

i am in admiration of his wisdom.
나는 그의 지혜에 감탄하고 있다.

i am in correspondence with a french.
나는 한 프랑스인과 편지를 주고받고 있다.

i am not a big fan of stage performances.
나는 무대 공연을 별로 좋아하지 않아.

i am not in the mood to read just now.
지금은 책을 읽고 싶은 생각이 없다.

i am not in any way belittling the importance of this.
나는 절대 이것의 중요성을 비하하는것이 아니다.

i am not in contradiction to the party leader.
나는 그 정당 리더에 정면으로 반대하지 않는다.

i am not your maid. you should hang up your own clothes.
난 당신의 하녀가 아니에요. 당신 옷은 직접 걸어야죠.

i am not much of moviegoer.
전 영화를 별로 좋아하지 않습니다.

i am not always at home on sundays.
일요일에 나는 늘 집에 있는 것은 아니다.

i am not happy in our marriage. you are such a workaholic.
우리 결혼 생활이 만족스럽지 않아요. 당신은 너무나 일만 아는 사람이에요.

i am not feeling very sociable this evening.
내가 오늘 저녁에는 사람들과 별로 어울리고 싶지 않다.

i am not doing it in fear of old curse.
나는 오랜 저주 때문에 그것을 하지 않을 것이다.

i am not an avid follower of fashion.
유행에 그다지 민감한 편은 아니에요.

i am not an academic writing about things i have never done.
전 직접 겪어 보지도 않은 것에 대해서 쓰는 학자가 아닙니다.

i am not an athenian or a greek , but a citizen of the world. (socrates).
나는 아테네인도 아니요 , 그리스인도 아니다. 나는 세계의 시민이다. (소크라테스 , 사랑명언).

i am not an historian ; i am a politician and i am dealing with the present , not the past.
나는 역사학자가 아니다 , 나는 정치인이며 , 과거가 아닌 현재를 다룬다.

i am not sure whether i will be entirely able to satisfy him , but i will do my best.
난 내가 그를 완전히 만족시킬 수 있을 지 장담할 수 없지만 , 난 최선을 다할거야.

i am not used to staying up all night.
난 밤새는 게 익숙하지 않아.

i am not prepared to countenance that.
전 그것을 지지할 준비가 안되었습니다.

i am not quite sure you even have a direction.
네가 방향이라도 제대로 잡았는지 잘 모르겠구나.

i am not entirely convinced by that line of reasoning.
나는 그 추리과정이 완전히 납득되지 않는다.

i am not authorized to do that.
나에게는 재량권이 없다.

i am not interested , so stop wasting your breath.
난 관심 없으니까 그만 말해.

i am not interested in skinny men.
나는 마른 남자는 흥미 없다.

i am not sure. i thought the deadline was the 24th.
잘 모르겠어요. 마감은 24일인 걸로 알고 있는데요.

i am not concerned in this affair.
나는 이 일엔 관계가 없다.

i am driving down to pusan this weekend.
이번 주말에 부산까지 차를 운전하고 갈 겁니다.

i am usually accosted by beggars and drunks as i walk to the regular station.
역으로 걸어가고 있노라면 대개 거지와 술주정뱅이들이 나에게 다가와서 말을 건다.

i am the first british woman commissioner and the first woman trade commissioner.
나는 첫 영국 여성 위원이고 첫 여성 통상 위원이다.

i am the bearer of good tidings.
내가 좋은 소식을 가지고 왔어요.

i am the underdog who did not win.
난 이기지 않았던 약자이다.

i am so much more considerate than you are , my brother , my messmate.
나는 당신이나 , 나의 형제 , 동료보다도 훨씬 더 사려깊다.

i am so happy that i have clewed all my work up.
나는 모든 일을 끝마쳤다는 것이 매우 기쁘다.

i am so tired of crooked politicians.
정치인들의 부정부패에 정말 진절머리 나.

i am so sorry to tell you this , but he is the late lamented now.
너에게 이렇게 말해서 너무 미안한데 , 그는 고인이 되었어.

i am so angry i could start cursing.
화가 나서 욕이 튀어나올 것 같다.

i am so nervous about this tryout.
이 선발 심사 때문에 너무 떨려요.

i am so sad to announce that he's leaving us as of today.
정말 슬프지만 오늘부로 사용이와 더 이상 일을 할 수 없게 됐다.

i am so damn frustrated with my carburetor !.
내 자동차 카뷰레터 때문에 너무나 불만스러워 !.

i am so tired. i have to log some z's.
너무 피곤하다. 한 숨 자야겠다.

i am so loving the paper carnation idea.
난 종이 카네이션 아이디어가 정말 맘에 들어.

i am very thankful to receive this reward.
이 상을 받게 된 것을 매우 감사하게 생각합니다.

i am much obliged to you for your prompt reply.
빨리 회신을 보내 주셔서 고맙습니다.

i am my own lord throughout heaven and earth.
천상천하 유아독존.

i am thinking of selling part of my land to pay for my child's schooling.
땅을 조금 떼어 팔아 아이의 학비를 마련할 생각이다.

i am going to bed now.
나 지금 자러 갈거야.

i am going to bed now.
지금 자러 갈거야.

i am going to the hospital.
병원에 가고 있어.

i am going to play volleyball with my classmates.
나는 우리 반 친구들과 배구를 할 것이다.

i am going to extract a mole.
점을 빼려고 합니다.

i am going to redeem my gold watch.
나는 내 금시계를 다시 되찾을 것이다.

i am on the blacklist.
저는 블랙리스트에 올라 있어요.

i am on the pros side on this debate.
나는 이 토론의 찬성쪽에 있다.

i am on visiting terms with him.
나는 그와 왕래가 있다.

i am having a hard time working on this project.
나 이 프로젝트 하느라 힘들어.

i am great believer in the value of novelty.
나는 새로운 것에 가치를 두는 신봉자야.

i am never quite sure of her political views because they lack a little consistency.
그녀의 정치적 견해는 일관성이 없기 때문에 나는 그녀의 견해를 확실히 알 수가 없어요.

i am tired.
나 피곤해.

i am tired of your bragging about your skill at betting. put your money where your mouth is !.
너의 내기 재간에 대한 자랑은 벌써 귀에 못이 배기도록 들었다. 실제로 걸어 보라고 !.

i am looking for a part time job on campus.
교내에서 가능한 파트타임 일자리를 찾고 있어요.

i am looking forward to spending time with my family.
난 가족과 함께 시간 보내는 것을 기대하고 있어요.

i am doing a lot of perspiring.
땀이 몹시 나는군요.

i am doing research on the decline of confucian morality in asia ,.
지금 아시아에서의 유교적 윤리관의 붕괴에 대해 연구를 하고 있다.

i am working on something i like.
내가 좋아하는 뭔가를 하고 있어요.

i am an emergency department nurse.
나는 응급실 간호사입니다.

i am an utter stranger in this city.
이 도시에는 지인이 하나도 없다.

i am an all-rounder.
저는 만능 스포츠맨이예요.

i am boiling the potatoes on the range.
나는 레인지에다 감자를 삶고 있다.

i am speaking on behalf of the president.
회장 대신에 내가 연설 중이다.

i am with the international civil aviation organization.
저는 국제 민간 항공 기구에서 일하고 있는데요.

i am sure he would know the solution.
그에게 해결책이 있을 거야.

i am sure he feels a little awkward talking in front of you.
분명 이 녀석이 네 앞에서 말하기가 좀 어색한 모양이야.

i am sure you will wait with bated breath outside.
당신이 밖에서 숨죽이며 기다릴 것이라 확신한다.

i am sure that the champagne will be flowing tonight.
오늘저녁 샴페인은 풍부하게 제공 될 것으로 나는 확신한다.

i am sure that that belief will be vindicated in due course.
나는 그 믿음이 적절한 절차에 의해 정당성이 입증될 것이라 확신한다.

i am sure everyone realizes that , but i think we need to do something to boost morale.
모두 그 상황을 알고 있겠지. 하지만 사기를 진작시킬 무엇인가를 해야 할 필요가 있다고 생각해.

i am sorry.
미안해.

i am sorry i am such a nincompoop.
내가 멍청해서 미안해.

i am sorry , but we never got the paperwork from mr. fairman regarding your raise.
미안하지만 , 페어맨 씨 한테서 당신 급여 인상에 관한 서류를 받지 못했어요.

i am sorry , did i startle you ?.
죄송합니다만 , 제가 놀라게 했나요 ?.

i am sorry but you look like a zombie this morning.
미안한 말이지만 너 오늘 아침엔 멍청이같다.

i am sorry this has become such a big hassle -- i really did not think it through.
불편을 끼쳐 미안해요. 정말 생각이 부족했던 것 같군요.

i am sorry to use such a strong adjective.
그런 과격한 형용사를 사용한 데 대해 사과를 드립니다.

i am sorry to tap your claret.
당신을 때려서 코피가 나게 해서 죄송합니다.

i am sorry that i accidentally played the mischief with your work.
내가 뜻하지 않게 네 일을 망쳐서 미안해.

i am sorry for having behaved in such a shameful way.
이런 험한 꼴을 보여 드려 죄송합니다.

i am calling to let you know that we are out of the two-inch binders you ordered.
선생님이 주문하신2인치짜리 바인더가 품절이 돼서요.

i am calling to say i sent my payment a week ago.
일주일 전에 대금을 지불했다고 말씀드리려고요.

i am calling to report a stolen car.
도둑 맞은 자동차 신고를 하려고 전화를 드렸습니다.

i am calling to confirm that your new apartment is available.
새 아파트에 입주가 가능한지 확인하려고 전화했는데요.

i am calling about your advertisement in today's paper.
오늘 신문에 난 광고를 보고 전화 드리는 건데요.

i am dying to know what it means.
난 그게 무슨 뜻인지 알고 싶어 죽겠어.

i am trying to gird the loins of my ministerial colleagues.
나의 내각 동료들에 대비할 것이다.

i am listening.
듣고 있어요.

i am pretty certain they did. they are in with anne and will now talking about finalizing the deal.
분명히 그랬을 거예요. 그 사람들 지금 앤과 윌하고 거래를 마무리 짓고 있어요.

i am pretty adept at working with the computers.
저는 컴퓨터를 아주 능수능란하게 다뤄요.

i am planning to be in the ring for the election.
나는 선거에 입후보할 예정이다.

i am planning to buy a new computer.
나는 새 컴퓨터를 살 계획 이에요.

i am pleased to inform you that your reservation is confirmed as above.
귀하의 예약이 상기와 같이 확인되었음을 알려드립니다.

i am new here so i am not completely au fait with the system.
전 여기 새로 와서 시스템에 완전히 익숙하지는 못합니다.

i am just going to go home and hit the sack early tonight.
그냥 집에 가서 오늘밤엔 일찍 잠자리에 들어야겠어요.

i am just considering whether to buy or not.
살까 말까 숙고 중이다.

i am still walking on a great big cloud.
난 아직도 기분이 붕 떠있어.

i am still smarting from the memory.
그 생각을 하면 아직도 가슴이 아파요.

i am sick of the work. or i am fed up with the work.
그 일이 지겹다.

i am sick of seeing him licking at his boss's heels.
그가 사장에게 아첨하는 꼴은 눈꼴틀려 볼 수가 없다.

i am sick and tired of doing nothing but lolling around with nothing to do.
놀고 먹는 것도 이제 지겹다.

i am awfully sorry to trouble you.
폐를 끼쳐 대단히 죄송합니다.

i am fond of his practical approach to matters.
나는 그의 문제에 대한 현실적인 접근을 좋아한다.

i am definitely sold on that house next to the drugstore.
약국 바로 옆집이 아주 마음에 듭니다.

i am left in the lurch now.
저는 지금 곤경에 처해 내버려져 있어요.

i am particularly interested in the linguistic development of young children.
나는 특히 어린 아이들의 언어 발달에 관심이 있다.

i am conscious of my own folly. or i now perceive that i was stupid.
나는 나의 어리석음을 깨닫고 있다.

i am awake in the hush of night.
나는 밤의 고요 속에 깨어 있다.

i am free generally in the afternoon.
오후는 대개 자유입니다.

i am averse to spending much money.
나는 많은 돈을 쓰는 것은 반대다.

i am nearly through with my work.
일이 얼추 끝났다.

i am fed up with my boss who loves kicking my ass.
나를 혼내는 것을 좋아하는 상사에게 질렸다.

i am cutting my biology this afternoon.
나 오늘 오후 생물 시간 땡땡이 칠거다.

i am walking in , i am bypassing rows and queues of customers , walking right to the front.
공항에 들어서면 , 저는 길게 늘어선 대기승객들의 줄을 그대로 지나쳐 곧장 맨 앞으로 갑니다.

i am walking to the mirror.
난 거울을 향해 걸어가고 있어요.

i am writing to your office regarding the widening of the centura highway , due to begin this year.
올해 착공 예정인 센추라 고속도로 확장공사와 관련해 귀하에게 글을 올립니다.

i am writing to apologize for overdrawing our corporate checking account.
잔액이 부족한 당사 당좌 예금에서 수표를 발행한 데 대해 사과드리려고 이 편지를 씁니다.

i am seeking clarification of the regulations.
저는 그 규정들에 대한 해명을 요구하는 겁니다.

i am asking for immediate compensation of $159.95 for the discomfort and trouble the use of your product has caused me.
귀사의 제품 사용으로 제가 입은 불안과 고통의 대가로 159달러 95센트를 즉시 보상해 주시도록 요청합니다.

i am completely infatuated with my trainer.
나 완전히 내 트레이너한테 홀딱 반했어.

i am excited about learning golf these days.
요즘 골프를 배우느라 신바람 났어요.

i am shocked and saddened at the sudden death of michael jackson.
나는 마이클잭슨의 갑작스러운 죽음에 충격을 받았고 슬펐다.

i am especially looking forward to our camping trip next month.
다음 달 가게 될 캠핑에 특히 기대가 부풀어 있다.

i am positive there was no defect when the item left the factory.
그 제품이 공장에서 나갈때에는 틀림없이 전혀 하자가 없었어요.

i am afraid i will need you to work some overtime next week.
아무래도 다음 주에 야근을 해줘야 할 것 같아요.

i am afraid she will not come in time for the movie. it's almost six o'clock.
그녀가 영화 시간에 맞춰 오지 못할 것 같아. 거의 6시야.

i am afraid it is rather reckless of you.
그것은 네게 모험일 것 같다.

i am afraid there will be pain , but nothing like the pain if we dont do what is needed.
난 거기에 고통이 따를 것이라 염려되지만 , 우리가 필요한 것을 하지 않는 고통만한 것도 없다.

i am afraid of dogs. can you tell me how i can pass it safely ?.
나는 개를 무서워해. 안전하게 저 개를 지나갈 수 있는 방법을 알려 줄래 ?.

i am afraid some computers in our office were infected with a virus.
죄송하지만 우리 사무실 컴퓨터 몇 대가 바이러스에 감염되었어요.

i am afraid not. but we do have it in a beautiful shade of green. could i show you that ?.
없는데요. 하지만 멋진 녹색 계통으로는 있는데. 한번 보여 드릴까요 ?.

i am aggressive , outgoing and hungry for this job !.
저는 진취적 외향적인 성격으로 이 일을 몹시 하고 싶습니다 !.

i am putting in a stationery order. is there anything you need ?.
문구류 주문하려고 하는데 , 뭐 필요한 거 있어요 ?.

i am putting the finishing touches on my makeup.
마무리 화장을 하고 있어요.

i am incredibly excited to be working again with david , said astro boy producer maryann garger in the announcement.
" 저는 데이빗과 다시 일하는 것에 매우 흥분됩니다 ," 아톰 제작자인 마리안 가르저가 발표했습니다.

i am glad to be rid of this boring job.
나는 이런 따분한 일을 면해서 기쁘다.

i am allergic to raw fish.
전 생선회 알레르기가 있답니다.

i am ashamed of my folly. or i blush for what i have done.
어리석은 짓을 해서 낯없습니다.

i am surprised that such a hare-brained scheme was ever seriously considered.
난 그런 말도 안 되는 계획이 심각하게 고려되고 있다는 자체에 놀란다.

i am arresting you on suspicion of illegally possessing drugs.
마약을 불법적으로 소지한 혐의로 당신을 체포합니다.

i am grateful for the approbation of the house.
상원의원 여러분의 동의에 감사드립니다.

i am convinced a good toaster does not exist.
좋은 토스터는 존재하지 않는다고 확신해요.

i am confident that the accounting books are correct.
회계장부는 정확하다고 확신하고 있습니다.

i am constantly trying to find ways to differentiate our hotels visually from the other shop.
저는 항상 우리 호텔을 경쟁업체와 시각적으로 차별화시키기 위한 방법을 모색하고 있습니다.

i am nuts on horseback riding.
난 승마를 좋아한다.

i am sad that my opinion formed nowhere.
내 의견이 받아들여지지 않아서 슬퍼.

i am throwing a big bash for my girlfriend.
여자 친구를 위한 성대한 파티를 열 계획이에요.

i am packing my bags for the trip.
나는 여행에 쓸 가방을 꾸리고 있는 중이다.

i am useless with maps. where are we ?.
난 정말 지도는 잘 볼 줄 몰라. 지금 우리가 어디 있는 거지 ?.

i am eager to show our catch to grandpa.
나는 우리가 낚은 것을 할아버지에게 너무 보여주고 싶다.

i am obliged for your further comment.
당신이 조금 더 의견을 내주시면 감사하겠습니다.

i am launching my own brand at the peril of my whole fortune.
내 전 재산을 걸고 내 브랜드를 시장에 선보일 예정이다.

i am accustomed to his strategies by now and move right along.
나는 그의 전략에 익숙하고 지금은 순조롭게 그 전략을 함께 실행하고있어.

i am edward park from the seoul office.
전 서울 사무실에서 온 에드워드 박입니다.

i am indirectly concerned in the affair.
나는 그 사건에 간접적으로 관계되어 있다.

i am doubtful of the fact.
나는 그것이 사실인지 아닌지 의심스럽다.

i am haunted by the image of the dead boy.
죽은 아이의 모습이 눈에 밟힌다.

i am bushed. i will hit the sack.
피곤해서 잠 좀 자야겠어.

i am bullish about a gradual upturn in the economy.
경제는 서서히 상승세가 되리라고 낙관한다.

i am helpless in that matter.
나는 그 문제에 대해서는 어떻게 할 도리가 없다.

i am bowdlerizing it-just slightly changing one or two words so listeners will not be upset.
paul은 그 책에서 불온한 부분을 삭제했다.

i am delinquent on my credit card balances.
카드 빚이 연체되었다.

i am bored. is not there anything interesting to do ?.
심심한데 뭐 재미있는 것 없을까요 ?.

i am nearsighted , so things in the distance look blurred.
나는 근시라서 먼 데 있는 것들은 흐릿하게 보인다.

i am disgusted that the hospital cut corners to make money at the expense of patients' life.
돈벌이에만 급급해 환자들의 생명을 소홀히 다룬 병원 측의 행동이 너무 괘씸하다.

i am betting my life on it.
난 그 일에 내 인생을 걸고 있어.

i am homesick for my native country.
고국이 그립다.

i come from a once great coal mining area.
나는 한때 굉장히 유명한 탄광이었던 지역 출신이다.

i would not enter the vip room without permission , i know where to draw the line.
나는 동의없이 vip실에 들어가지 않았을거요. 나는 내 분수를 알아요.

i would not assume there is a sea change in attitudes.
태도에 커다란 변화가 있다고는 생각하지 않는다.

i would not foul my tongue with his nasty name.
그의 이름은 말하기조차 추접스럽다.

i would like you to reconsider this decision.
이 결정을 다시 재고해 줄 것을 바랍니다.

i would like to see a decrease in the chasm between the haves and the have-nots.
나는 가진 자들과 못 가진 자들 사이의 격차가 줄어드는 것을 보고 싶다.

i would like to walk for a while.
나는 잠시 걷고 싶다.

i would be chary , however , about calling the forces narrow-minded.
그래도 나라면 그 세력들이 편협하다고 말하는 것은 조심하겠어.

i would rather be poor than get money by dishonest means.
부정한 수단으로 돈을 버는 것보다는 도리어 가난한 게 낫다.

i would call them cautiously optimistic.
그들은 (현 상황을) 조심스레 낙관하고 있습니다.

i would love to visit the antarctica once.
나도 한번 남극 대륙에 가고 싶어요.

i would sweat profusely , turn red and have shaky voice.
난 아낌없이 노력했어 , 얼굴이 빨개지고 목소리가 떨렸던거 빼고는.

i like a woman who has an oriental-calm beauty.
저는 동양적인 온화한 미를 가진 여성을 좋아합니다.

i like the woman who has oriental-calm beauty.
저는 동양적이면서 온화한 미를 가진 여자를 좋아합니다.

i like the mint flavor of close-up.
클로즈업 민트향을 사고 싶어.

i like the intimacy of candlelight and soft music in restaurants.
나는 그 레스토랑의 촛불과 부드러운 음악이 주는 친근감이 좋다.

i like the gothic style of architecture.
나는 고딕 양식의 건축을 좋아한다.

i like to watch quiz shows.
나는 퀴즈 프로그램을 즐겨 본다.

i like it because i do not like crowds or being pressured by salespeople to buy things.
난 사람들이 많은 곳이나 판매원들이 물건을 사라고 압박하는 걸 싫어해서 인터넷 쇼핑이 좋아.

i like her all the better because of her cheerful disposition.
그녀의 밝은 심성 때문에 그녀를 한결 더 좋아한다.

i like fishing and hunting , but i do not like hiking.
나는 낚시와 사냥은 좋아하지만 하이킹은 좋아하지 않는다.

i mean , i do not have to necessarily do it with an album or to any huge number of people.
제 말은 , 꼭 앨범으로 그런 일을 한다거나 아주 많은 사람들에게 영향을 끼칠 필요는 없어요.

i mean , our production facilities are all in wichita , but we have most of our sales reps out in seattle.
우리 생산 공장은 모두 위치타에 있고 , 영업 사원들은 대부분 시애틀에 있잖아요.

i mean we are not the first retailer that's been provided with an exclusive , i am sure we will not be the last.
이런 독점 판매권을 제공받는 유통업체가 우리가 처음이 아니라는 말이죠. 분명 마지막이 되지도 않을 겁니다.

i work with the adult literacy program.
성인 글읽기 프로그램에 참여해 일하고 있습니다.

i get a measly ? 4 an hour.
나는 한 시간에 쥐꼬리만한 4파운드를 받는다.

i get the noose round my son's neck.
나는 나의 아들의 장래가 걱정된다.

i get out of bed , yawning and stretching.
나는 하품을 하고 기지개를 켜면서 일어난다.

i get only three weeks for maternity leave.
출산휴가를 3주밖에 못 받았다구.

i get carsick if i ride in the back seat.
나는 뒷좌석에 타면 차멀미가 난다.

i get seasick. maybe i'd better stay in port.
저는 뱃멀미를 하거든요. 아무래도 전 항구에 남아 있어야 할까 봐요.

i get teary when i recall those days.
당시를 회상하면 눈물이 앞을 가린다.

i often get dizzy spells. or i have frequent dizzy spells.
종종 어지럽다.

i often ask him about more information and i tease out.
나는 종종 그에게 더 많은 정보를 요구하고 기어이 얻어낸다.

i often recollect my happy school days.
나는 종종 행복했던 학창 시절을 떠올린다.

i once got a chance to interview one of my favorite comedians , mike myers.
예전에 나는 가장 좋아하는 코미디언 중 한 사람인 mike myers를 인터뷰할 기회가 있었다.

i will do my homework after supper.
난 저녁 먹은 후에 숙제할 거야.

i will do nothing that will harm you , at the reverence of your father.
나는 당신의 아버지를 존경하기 때문에 당신에게 해가 되는 일은 절대 하지 않을 것입니다.

i will not have any part of your plan. it's dishonest.
난 네 계획에 끼지 않겠어. 그건 부정직해.

i will not stand it if you put me on the shake.
네가 날 등치면 난 가만 안 있겠다.

i will not countenance your being rude to mr. lee.
나는 네가 이 선생님께 무례하게 구는 것을 용납하지 않을 것이다.

i will go for the two-door compact , with automatic transmission.
문 두 개 달린 소형 자동변속차로 하겠습니다.

i will be in prompt contact with you.
신속히 연락드리겠습니다.

i will be in brazil for a visit at the end of the year.
올 연말 쯤에는 나도 브라질에 갈꺼야.

i will be so glad when this mid-term exam is finally over !.
중간고사가 끝나면 정말 좋을 것 같아요 !.

i will be there come rain or shine !.
무슨 일이 있어도 꼭 갈께 !.

i will be there bright and early tomorrow.
내일 아침 일찍 거기로 갈께요.

i will be all obedience to your commands.
명령은 절대 거역하지 않겠습니다.

i will be happy to retire soon and live off the fat of the land.
나는 기꺼이 바로 은퇴하여 일하지 않고 편안하게 살 거라고.

i will be working out at a new health club.
새 헬스클럽에서 일할 꺼에요.

i will be brief , because we are constrained by time.
시간의 제한을 받고 있기 때문에 간략히 말하겠습니다.

i will be o.k. with just a shirt.
전 셔츠만 있어도 괜찮아요.

i will be quits with him.
그에게 보복하겠다.

i will have a danish and coffee , please.
데니쉬빵과 커피 주세요.

i will have a gin and tonic , please.
전 진 토닉 한 잔 주세요.

i will have the veal and my wife would like the fried chicken.
난 송아지 요리로 하겠고 아내는 닭 튀김으로 하겠답니다.

i will have the bellboy bring in your luggage and sent it to your room.
급사를 불러서 선생님 가방을 객실에 가져다 놓으라고 하겠습니다.

i will have to oil this door to stop it from creaking.
이 문이 삐걱거리지 않도록 기름칠을 해야겠다.

i will have to widen the sleeves on this jacket.
이 재킷은 소매통을 좀 넓혀야겠다.

i will have our legal department get back to you today , mr. centurion.
법률 부서에다 센투리온 씨한테 오늘 전화 드리라고 할게요.

i will have housekeeping bring some towels to your room.
객실 관리과에 연락해서 수건을 가져다 드리도록 하겠습니다.

i will look over your application and call you in a few days.
지원서를 검토해보고 며칠 후에 연락드리겠습니다.

i will never learn how to tie a bow tie.
나는 나비 넥타이 매는 법은 배우지 않겠다.

i will never let go of this bitterness until the day i die.
이 원통함은 평생 잊지 않을 것이다.

i will never skip over my fault.
나는 내 잘못을 묵과하지 않겠다.

i will make a duplicate of his letter and send it to you.
내가 그의 편지를 복사해서 너에게 보내줄게.

i will lend it to you when i have finished it.
내가 그걸 끝마치면 너 한테 빌려줄게.

i will need a full-size car with a ski rack. there are five of us so it needs to be big.
스키랙이 있는 대형차가 필요할 것 같습니다. 다섯 사람이기 때문에 차가 커야 하거든요.

i will need the sales report for a meeting on monday.
월요일 회의에 매출 보고서를 가져가야 해요.

i will give a punch in susan from next door.
이웃집의 수잔의 기를 꺾어놓겠다.

i will give you a demo.
제가 시범을 보여드리겠습니다.

i will give it my best shot , and if i can not hack it , i will decide what to do then.
최선을 다해 보고 안 되면 다시 생각하겠다.

i will give an opera ticket to whoever wants it.
원하는 사람은 누구든 오페라 티켓을 주겠다.

i will give ms. wainwright two hard copies to keep on file , once you approve the final changes.
당신이 최종 수정안을 승인하시면 웨인라이트 씨에게 복사본 2부를 줘서 파일 철에 보관하도록 하겠습니다.

i will let you know all about it later on.
나중에 모두 얘기해 줄게.

i will let you know all about it later on.
모든 것은 나중에 말하겠습니다.

i will take the will for the deed.
받은 거나 다름없습니다.

i will take the spear to her.
내가 그녀에 대한 모든 책임을 질 것이다.

i will call a spade a spade. or i will give it to you straight.
탁 털어놓고 말할게.

i will drive there and then we will swap over on the way back.
내가 거기까지 운전해 갈 테니까 돌아오는 길에는 교대해요.

i will nap on the way.
가는 도중에 낮잠 좀 자야겠다.

i will try not to be led astray again.
난 다시 탈선하지 않게 노력할 것이다.

i will type your report if you will babysit in exchange.
당신이 우리 아기를 봐 주면 내가 그 대가로 당신 보고서 타이핑해 줄게요.

i will put you through to his secretary.
그의 비서에게 돌려드리겠습니다.

i will put water in the cat's dish.
내가 고양이 밥그릇에 물을 좀 부어줄게요.

i will catch a plane and be there before you can say jack robinson.
비행기로 순식간에 그리로 갈게.

i will return shortly with your food.
주문하신 음식 곧 가져 오겠습니다.

i will introduce a cool girl to you.
괜찮은 여자 소개시켜줄게.

i will contact maintenance and send engineers up immediately.
관리실에 전화해서 즉시 기술자를 올려 보내도록 하겠습니다.

i will avail myself of your kind invitation and come.
초대해 주신 후의에 감사하며 기꺼이 참석하겠습니다.

i will settle your hash this time for sure.
이번에는 꼭 당신을 끽소리 못하게 하겠소.

i will pick you up at 7 o'clock.
내가 7시에 데리러 갈게요.

i will send signed copies of the contract by courier this afternoon.
오늘 오후에 서명된 계약서 사본들을 급송 택배로 보내드리겠습니다.

i will arrange for a car to meet you at the railroad station.
역에서 당신을 마중하도록 차를 대령해 놓겠습니다.

i will reserve a table for us at t.g.i.friday's.
제가 t.g.i.friday's에 자리를 예약할게요.

i will slip out quietly so the children do not catch on.
아이들에게 들키지 않도록 살짝 빠져나가겠다.

i will drop you off at the embassy.
대사관까지 데려다 줄께.

i will drop by one of these days again.
일간 다시 한번 들르겠습니다.

i will stamp the company name on your cheque.
제가 당신 수표에 회사명을 찍어 드리겠어요.

i will demonstrate for you how our new home theater system works.
우리 새 홈씨어터가 어떻게 작동하는지 너에게 보여줄께.

i will reward you with my good result.
좋은 결과로 너한테 보답할께.

i will tuck your sheets in for you. how's that ? comfortable ?.
침대 시트를 안으로 집어넣어 드릴게요. 어떠세요 ? 편하세요 ?.

i will accustom myself to studying hard at the university.
나는 대학에서 열심히 공부하도록 나 자신을 훈련시킬 것이다.

i will survive. as i live !.
나는 살아남을 것이다. 절대로 !.

i will retry using my existing internet connection.
기존의 인터넷 연결을 사용하여 다시 시도.

i always go to work by car.
나는 항상 자동차로 출근 합니다.

i always have to keep myself busy because if i do not , i daydream a lot.
전 언제나 제 자신을 바쁘게 해야만 해요. 왜냐하면 , 만일 그렇게 하지 않을 경우 , 공상에 잠기는 일이 많게 되거든요.

i always keep my pencils handy.
난 항상 연필을 가까이 놓아 두지.

i live in the suburbs of seoul.
나는 서울 근교에 살고 있다.

i live in west wales where there is no neurology service for children.
나는 서부웨일즈에 사는데 그곳에서는 소아 신경과 진료를 받을 수 없다.

i live in colorado and had an opportunity to tour supermax a couple of years ago.
나는 콜로라도에 살고있고 2년전에 " supermax " 로 여행갈 기회가 있었다.

i have a hard time believing you.
당신을 믿기 어렵군요.

i have a great liking for astronomy.
나는 천문학을 아주 좋아한다.

i have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen.
뭔가 무서운 일이 일어날 것 같은 느낌이 든다.

i have a lot more time for leisure activities.
여가 활동을 할 시간이 훨씬 더 많아요.

i have a busy timetable this week.
나는 이번 주에 일정표가 빡빡하다.

i have a dream.
난 꿈이 있어요.

i have a cat to keep me from being lonesome.
저는 외로움을 떨치기 위해 , 고양이를 기르고 있습니다.

i have a heavy workload this month.
난 이번 달에 업무량이 과다하다.

i have a slight acquaintance with him.
그 사람하고는 조금 아는 사이입니다.

i have a spare ticket for a photo exhibition.
사진 전시회 입장권이 한 장 더 있다.

i have a letter to answer promptly.
급히 답장을 써야 할 편지가 있다.

i have a fairly large collection of rare knives.
진기한 칼을 꽤 많이 모았어요.

i have a 1982 5-litre aston martin , which i bought second-hand eight years ago.
나에게는 1982년식 5리터급 애스턴마틴이 있는데 , 나는 8년전 그것을 중고로 샀었다.

i have a sincere admiration for tolstoy. or i am a great admirer of tolstoy.
나는 톨스토이를 진심으로 숭배한다.

i have a coat i want a tailor to shorten.
재단사가 줄여 줬으면 하는 코트가 하나 있어요.

i have a quiz every week.
매주 간이 테스트가 있어요.

i have a toothache. it really hurts.
치통이 있어. 정말로 아파.

i have a chat with my friends.
친구들과 수다 떨어요.

i have a crush on my english teacher.
나는 영어 선생님한테 반해 있어.

i have a blister on my big toe.
엄지발가락에 물집이 잡혔다.

i have a blister on my foot.
발에 물집이 생겼다.

i have a runny nose , sore throat and a cough.
콧물이 나고 목도 아프고 기침도 납니다.

i have a pavlovian response to ringing telephones.
나는 전화기가 울리는 것에 대하여 조건반사적인 반응을 보인다.

i have a defective product and i just want one that works.
전 불량품을 구입했으니 제대로 된 제품을 원하는 것뿐인데요.

i have a stomachache. or my stomach pains me.
나는 배가 아프다.

i have not the slightest idea. or not the slightest. or not the vaguest. or not the foggiest.
전혀 모르겠다.

i have not even picked a topic yet.
난 아직 (논문) 주제도 정하지 못했어요.

i have not fully recuperated from food poisoning.
아직 식중독에서 완전히 회복된 상태가 아냐.

i have not taken my dog to the vet since she was a puppy , so i am a little nervous.
강아지 였을때 말고 병원에 데리고 간 적이 없어서 좀 긴장되네.

i have not winced nor cried aloud.
나는 움찔하지도 울지도 않았다.

i have the email sent to douglas murray disinviting him.
douglas murray에게 초대를 취소하는 이메일을 보냈다.

i have the sprinkler all set to go.
스프링클러도 다 준비해 놨는데.

i have no time to foot it. i will take a cab.
걸어갈 시간이 없어. 나는 택시를 탈 거야.

i have no reason to lie or hoard information from you.
당신에게서 정보를 모으거나 거짓말할 아무런 이유가 없습니다.

i have no loyalty to this company anymore.
난 이 회사에 더 이상 신뢰가 안 가.

i have no regrets about leaving newcastle.
나는 뉴캐슬을 떠나는 데 대해서는 전혀 애석한 마음이 없다.

i have this really bad habit of biting my fingernails.
난 손톱을 물어뜯는 정말 고약한 버릇이 있어.

i have to go and pee.
소변 좀 봐야겠어요.

i have to sort the mail and cancel the stamps.
저는 우편물을 분류해서 우표에 소인을 찍어야 해요.

i have to agree , i think he needs to use more conservative estimates.
내 생각도 그래요 , 좀 더 신중하게 견적을 내야 할 것 같아요.

i have to use caller id to screen out all those crybabies.
보채는 그런 남자들을 가려내기 위해 발신번호 확인 서비스를 이용해야 할 판이다.

i have to sober up for driving.
운전하려면 술을 깨야 해요.

i have often berated him about his lack of policy and vision.
나는 그의 정책과 비전부족에 관하여 종종 질책해왔다.

i have always been teeny , tiny , tiny.
나는 언제나 작고 작고 작다.

i have always dreamt of having a passionate romance.
나는 늘 열정적인 사랑을 꿈꿔 왔다.

i have great admiration for the way he plays football.
그가 풋볼 경기하는 태도에 크게 감탄한다.

i have never read such pretentious twaddle.
나는 그런 허세스러운 헛소리를 읽어 본적이 없다.

i have never been interested in swanky hotels.
나는 호화스러운 호텔에 관심을 가져 본 적이 없다.

i have never had a tooth pulled before.
전에 이를 뽑아 본 적이 한번도 없거든요.

i have never seen one of those. they are as scarce as hens' teeth.
나는 그것들 중에 단 하나도 본 적이 없다. 굉장한 진품이라고.

i have never seen such a tenacious man like you.
당신처럼 질긴 사람은 처음 봤다.

i have never seen such a truculent person in my life.
나는 여태까지 그렇게 포악한 사람을 본적이 없다.

i have never seen such a slothful man in my life.
나는 그렇게 게으른 사람을 생전 본적이 없다.

i have never heard such a load of old codswallop in my life.
내 평생 그렇게 케케묵은 순 헛소리는 들어본 적이 없다.

i have never thought i'd meet a world-famous poet like you in person.
나는 사적으로 당신과 같은 전 세계적으로 유명한 시인을 만날 거라고 생각해보지 못했습니다.

i have never tried to kiss a model before , he swore.
전에는 한번도 모델에게 키스를 하려고 한 적이 없소 , 그가 맹세했다.

i have an ache in the left shoulder.
왼쪽 어깨에 통증이 있어요.

i have an ache in my leg from walking too much.
너무 많이 걸은 탓으로 내 다리에 통증이 생겼다.

i have an idea for the apprentice , and this is what i want to call it and this is what it's all about.
백수탈출 성공기라는 좋은 아이디어가 있습니다. 이게 제가 원하는 프로그램 제목이고 , 내용은 이렇습니다.

i have an allergy to all kinds of hair.
나는 모든 종류의 털에 알레르기가 있다.

i have an affinity for the dresses designed by him.
나는 그가 디자인 한 옷들을 너무 좋아한다.

i have an idiot proof lawn mower.
나는 아주 다루기 쉬운 잔디 깎기 기계를 가지고 있어요.

i have an ulterior motive in offering to help you.
내가 너를 도와주겠다고 하는 데는 숨은 이유가 있다.

i have got a run in my stocking.
스타킹이 나갔다.

i have got a run in my stocking.
스타킹에 올이 나갔어.

i have got five tardy slips in a row.
나 5일 연달아 지각해서 걸렸어.

i have been looking at a sailboat , but i really do not know if it's a good deal or not.
내가 봐 둔 요트가 있는데 가격에 비해 괜찮은 건지 잘 모르겠어.

i have been talking to our pension advisers about retiring. they think i'd have no problem.
연금 설계사들과 내 퇴직 문제를 의논해 봤는데요. 그 사람들 말이 난 아무 문제도 없다더군요.

i have been taking a nightly walk here for over a year.
1년 이상이나 이곳에서 밤산책을 해오고 있는데요.

i have been weary of having nothing to do all day.
할 일이 없어서 하루 종일 심심했다.

i have been yakking on for too long.
너무 오래 수다를 떨었다.

i have had a blitz on the house.
난 대대적으로 집안 청소를 했다.

i have had my stomachful of insult.
모욕을 더 이상은 참을 수 없었다.

i have had about enough of your nonsense !.
허튼 소린 그만하면 됐어 !.

i have had enough of your mischief.
너의 장난에는 아주 데었다.

i have had enough time to wait for motherhood.
전 엄마가 되기 위해 충분히 기다렸어요.

i have had christians of various sects try to proselytize me.
지금까지 다양한 종파의 기독교인들이 나를 개종시키려고 노력했다.

i have met lance corporal compton and his burns are horrific.
나는 심각한 화상을 입은 콤튼 일병을 만났다.

i have decided to accept that job in singapore , but it's only for the money.
싱가포르에서의 일자리를 받아들이기로 결정했어요. 하지만 그건 단지 돈 때문이에요.

i have decided to enter the horoscope-writing business.
운세 칼럼 쓰는 일을 시작해 보려고.

i have heard he's going to be at the sophomore dance on friday night.
그가 금요일 밤 2학년생을 위한 댄스파티에 갈 거라고 들었어.

i have heard that the sheriff is gunning for me , so i am getting out of town.
보안관이 나를 찾아다니는 것 같아서 , 나는 마을을 떠날 작정이다.

i have heard that she is pretty.
난 그녀가 예쁘다고 들었어.

i have heard that it is a dangerous sport.
난 그게 위험한 운동이라고 들었어.

i have heard nothing but praise for that new health food restaurant.
새로 생긴 건강식 레스토랑이 아주 괜찮다고 소문이 자자하더군요.

i have heard rumors and i think his name is blaine.
소문을 들었는데 , 이름이 블레인이라는 것 같았어요.

i have two very smart people , george ross and carolyn capture , that work for me.
제겐 아주 명석한 두 사람이 있습니다. 조지 로스와 캐롤린 캡쳐가 그들인데요 , 절 위해 일하죠.

i have two cans of mountain dew before me at this moment in time.
지금 현재 내 앞에 두 개의 마운틴 듀가 있어.

i have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when i am trying to accomplish something of consequence. invariably they proclaim it can not be done. i deem that the very best time to make the effort. (calvin coolidge).
나는 중요한 일을 이루려 노력할 때 사람들의 말에 너무 신경쓰지 않는 것이 바람직하다는 사실을 깨달았다. 예외 없이 이들은 안된다고 공.

i have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when i am trying to accomplish something of consequence. invariably they proclaim it can not be done. i deem that the very best time to make the effort. (calvin coolidge).
언한다. 하지만 바로 이 때가 노력할 절호의 시기이다. (캘빈 쿨리지 , 노력명언).

i have known him for many years and i can attest that he is very knowledgeable about cars to repair.
나는 그를 수년 동안 알아왔는데 그가 자동차 수리에 일가견이 있다는 것을 증언할 수 있다.

i have made tentative plans to take a road trip to seattle in july.
나는 7월에 시애틀 차로 여행을 하기로 잠정적인 계획을 세워 놓았다.

i have made tentative plans to take to bed.
나는 해산하러 자리에 눕는 잠정적인 계획을 세워 놓았다.

i have thought about this a lot , and the end result is that dentistry is unsatisfying.
이 일에 대해 많이 생각해 봤는데 치과 진료 생활로 만족을 얻을 수 없다는 게 최종 결론이야.

i have prepared handouts summarizing all this , which i am passing around now.
이런 점들을 모두 요약한 유인물을 준비했으니까 , 나누어 드리겠습니다.

i have already written a fair chunk of the article.
나는 그 기사를 이미 상당히 많이 썼다.

i have put an awful lot of work into learning to walk again and learning how to be offstage.
다시 걷는 법을 배우고 무대 밖에서 생활하는 법을 배우는 데 아주 많은 노력을 했습니다.

i have gone off into a tangent.
이야기가 딴 방향으로 흘렀네요.

i have just heard the news which was thrown for a loop from jane.
제인으로부터 어이없게 만드는 소식을 들었다.

i have just gone over the payroll records for the last pay period , and found a clerical error on our part.
방금 지난번 급료 기간 동안의 급료 기록을 검토하다가 , 우리 측의 사무 착오를 발견했습니다.

i have just spoken to our new next door neighbor.
나 옆집에 새로 이사온 사람과 방금 얘기했어.

i have still not received the unexpurgated versions.
난 아직도 무삭제본을 받지 못갰다.

i have recently resigned from world tour co.
이번에 저는 월드투어 여행사를 퇴직했습니다.

i have reached the end of my rope.
내 인내심도 한계에 다다랐다.

i have told them with absolute certainty there'll be no change of policy.
나는 정책 변경은 없을 것이라고 절대적인 확신을 가지고 말했다.

i have experienced something priceless.
나는 돈으로 살 수 없는 경험을 했다.

i have written a little allegory on my blog.
나는 내 블로그에서 우화를 좀 적었어.

i have appeared in the two movies , ooh-la-la sistersand whistle princess.
울랄라 시스터즈랑 휘파람 공주에 출연했는데요.

i have tried my best to come up with something but no dice.
뭔가 좀 좋은 방안을 세우려고 최선을 다해봤지만 소용이 없었어요.

i have received word from the fire marshal that aero-data has failed it's recent annual inspection by the fire department.
소방서장으로부터 에어로-데이타가 최근 소방국이 실시한 연례 소방 검사에서 불합격되었다는 통보를 받았습니다.

i have fallen madly in love with her.
나는 그녀에게 푹 빠졌다.

i have learned about them in school.
학교에서 그것들을 배웠어요.

i have enclosed the certificate of authenticity to be signed by you.
귀하가 서명하실 원본 증명서를 동봉하였습니다.

i have doubts about working as a teacher.
나는 교사라는 직업에 회의가 든다.

i have worried about sam if he would be late for his own funeral.
나는 샘이 시간을 안 지킬 것 같아서 걱정했었다.

i have served on several committees and currently chair the development committee , where we strive to secure the financial future of ijg.
저는 다수의 위원회에서 활동해 왔으며 현재는 향후 ijg의 재정 안정화를 위해 노력하는 개발 위원회에서 의장을 맡고 있습니다.

i have lung cancer , and i do not think i will live long.
내가 폐암이 있어 오래 못 살 것 같네.

i have grown up without any difficulty under my parental roof.
나는 부모 밑에서 별 어려움없이 자랐다.

i have attached to this memorandum a copy of mr. henning's itinerary.
이 메모에 헤닝 씨의 여행 일정표 사본을 첨부했습니다.

i have difficulty in discerning small print.
작은 활자를 알아보기가 힘듭니다.

i have sympathy for the ref but i am very angry with jeffers.
난 심판관으로서 동정심을 가지고 있었지만 , 제퍼스에게 매우 화가 났다.

i have acquired english naturally by living in england.
영국에서 살면서 자연스럽게 영어를 습득했다.

i have annulled the predicate and in this lies the contradiction.
첫 부인과 이혼하지 않아서 브라이언의 두 번째 결혼은 무효가 되었다.

i have acrophobia.
나는 고소공포증이 있다.

i have acrophobia.
고소공포증이 있거든요.

i have scruples about copying , so i do not want to do it.
나는 베끼는 것에 대해 양심의 가책을 느끼므로 그것을 하고 싶지 않다.

i have wheal on my back.
등에 두드러기가 생겼습니다.

i lived in a small town , about 150 miles from perth , on the southwest coast of australia , called albany.
perth에서 150마일 떨어진 호주 남서쪽 해안의 작은 도시인 albany라는 곳에 살았어.

i lived near the shore last year.
나는 작년에 해안 가까이 살았어요.

i want a necktie to go with it.
이것과 어울리는 넥타이를 원합니다.

i want you to be in charge of pumpkin carving.
당신은 호박 깍는 걸 맡아요.

i want you to settle the matter as soon as possible.
조속한 시일 내에 처리해 주십시오.

i want you to babysit my children.
네가 우리 애들 좀 봐줬으면 해.

i want to go get as many browny points as possible.
가능한 한 입맛에 맞는 내용을 많이 넣어야겠네요.

i want to go home.
나는 집에 가고 싶어요.

i want to get out of this rut and fly to hawaii.
나는 일상에서 벗어나 하와이로 가고 싶다.

i want to be on the level with you.
너한테는 허심탄회하게 말할께.

i want to be diligent like my father.
나는 아버지처럼 부지런하고 싶어요.

i want to speak to mr. adams.
아담스 씨와 통화하고 싶습니다.

i want to live honorably now.
이제는 떳떳이 살고 싶다.

i want to know the nature of the concordats.
나는 정교화약의 특징에 대해 알고 싶다.

i want to know the fare system of public transportation in seattle ?.
시애틀까지의 교통요금시스템을 알고 싶습니다.

i want to tell you a story.
너에게 들려줄 이야기가 하나 있어.

i want to cast bullfighting aside.
나는 투우를 폐지 시켰으면 좋겠다.

i want to organize my finances and think about investing my savings and assets.
제 재정상황을 정리하고 저축과 자산 투자에 관해 생각해 보려고 합니다.

i want to scan the contract first.
먼저 계약서 좀 훑어보구요.

i want to breathe fresh air.
나는 신선한 공기를 호흡하고 싶다.

i want to confide to you.
자네에게 까놓고 이야기하고 싶네.

i want that written into lease.
그 사항은 계약서에 포함시켜 주십시오.

i want yon in have a great time.
즐거운 시간이 되길 바랍니다.

i understand a pound of butter or 8 oz of sweeties.
나는 버터 1파운드 아니면 설탕 8온즈로 이해하고 있다.

i understand french enough to get the tenor of his speech.
나는 그의 말이 어떤 취지인지를 알 정도로 프랑스어를 안다.

i think i am a little tipsy.
저 조금 취한 것 같아요.

i think i am nearsighted.
근시인 것 같습니다.

i think i will do comparison shopping.
비교 구매를 해야 겠어요.

i think i will have the lamb chops too , but i'd like scalloped potatoes with mine.
나도 램 찹으로 하는데 스캘롭트 감자를 곁들인 걸로 주세요.

i think i will try my luck at the slot machine.
슬롯머신으로 내 운을 한번 시험해 봐야겠다.

i think i will relax here a little until the alcohol wears off.
취기가 가실 때까지 여기서 잠시 쉬고 있을 생각이다.

i think i will stretch my legs.
다리 좀 펴야 겠어.

i think i have been watering it too much.
내가 물을 너무 많이 줬다고 생각한다.

i think i got a lemon from the used car dealer.
중고차 매매인에게서 고물차를 산 것 같애.

i think i must have simply misspoken.
말실수를 했을 뿐입니다.

i think i left my sunglasses here last night.
어젯밤에 제 선글라스를 여기에 두고 간 것 같은데요.

i think i spent eight dollars.
8달러 줬어요.

i think he is going through a midlife crisis.
그 사람 중년의 위기를 겪고 있나 봐요.

i think he should brush his teeth three times a day.
나는 그가 하루에 3번 이를 닦아야 한다고 생각한다.

i think he and i are on the same wavelength.
그와 나는 잘 통하는 것 같다.

i think he has a screw loose.
그 사람 약간 돈 거 같아요.

i think , as george lucas did back in the 70's , the wachowski brothers have created their own mythology here.
과거 70년대 조지 루카스가 그랬듯이 워쇼스키 형제도 자신들만의 신화를 창조했습니다.

i think the challenge for the community now is to turn the successful mobilization of the community into voter registration and mobilization.
나는 이제 이 같은 공동체의 도전이 유권자 등록과 동원으로 성공적으로 이어질 것으로 생각합니다.

i think the space program is a waste of money.
우주프로그램은 돈 낭비라고 생각한다.

i think the first economic opportunity , once it's permitted under a raul secession government , is going to be in the tourism industry.
나는 사업상의 가능성은 무제한이라면서 라울이 쿠바의 권력을 인계받으면 우선 관광산업에서 기회가 올 것이라고 생각합니다.

i think the japanese economy is over the hump.
일본 경제가 어려운 고비는 넘겼다고 생각합니다.

i think the crucial finding in the survey is that the large majority of youngsters start smoking out of curiosity.
이 조사에서 발견할 수 있는 중요한 사실은 대다수의 청소년들은 호기심 때문에 흡연을 시작한다는 것입니다.

i think the dark knight will definitely beat spider-man 3's record.
나는 다크나이트가 스파이더맨3의 기록을 틀림없이 깰 것이라고 생각한다.

i think the conversation has briefly digressed.
이야기가 잠시 곁가지로 흐른 것 같다.

i think you are exactly right , we are way behind the curve for a variety of reasons.
나는 정말 당신이 옳다고 생각하는데 우리는 몇몇 이유에서 그다지 확신을 못하겠어요.

i think you look great in yellow.
당신에게 노란색이 무척 잘 어울리는 것 같아요.

i think this is the first hint of winter.
이것이 겨울이 왔다는 첫 징조인 것 같아요.

i think this stain will come off.
이 얼룩은 빠질 것 같습니다.

i think it is a haunting story.
저는 이 작품이 오래도록 기억에 남는 내용이라고 생각해요.

i think it is an amalgam of all of these.
내 생각에 이것은 이 모든것들의 혼합물인 것 같다.

i think it is too much to digest.
소화하기에 너무 많은 것 같아요.

i think it has to do with the credit crunch.
그게 신용경색 현상과 관련이 있지 않나 싶어요.

i think it looks quite nice.
괜찮아 보여요.

i think it needs a six-volt battery.
내 생각에 그것은 6볼트 배터리가 필요해.

i think they said the figures were robust.
그 수치엔 오류가 없다고 그들이 말한 것 같다.

i think we are all in for a good chewing out by mr. holmes.
이젠 홈즈씨한테 혼날 일만 남았군.

i think we will wait until it's on sale.
세일때까지 기다릴 거라고 생각해요.

i think we can afford to hire only one right now.
제 생각에 현재로서는 한 사람만 고용할 수 있을 것 같아요.

i think we ought to start holding an annual company picnic.
회사 야유회를 매년 가야 한다고 생각해요.

i think that is a calumny upon the bus drivers concerned.
이는 걱정해주고 있는 버스 운전사들에 대한 비방이라고 생각합니다.

i think that the prospect of military action will recede.
나는 군대가 물러날 것이라고 생각한다.

i think that all people need religion in their lives.
모든 사람들은 그들의 삶을 위해 종교가 필요하다고 나는 생각한다.

i think that man built up a sconce.
나는 저 남자가 지불을 미루었다가 지불금을 속였다고 생각한다.

i think being bicultural is something that can not be bought.
두 문화 속에 있다는 것은 돈으로 살 수 없는 무언가라고 생각한다.

i think it's a bad philosophy to pursue money for its own sake.
나는 돈을 돈 자체로 추구하는 것은 나쁜 철학 이라고 생각합니다.

i think it's rather premature to decide it at this time.
이번에 결정하는 것은 다소 성급하다는 생각이 듭니다.

i think it's wrong to smack children.
나는 아이들을 때리는 것은 나쁘다고 생각한다.

i think with the cd and with the madison square garden thing , i think it's going to renew the michael-mania.
제가 보기에는 , 이번 새 앨범과 메디슨 스퀘어 가든에서 열릴 콘서트로 마이클 열풍이 다시 불지 않을까 생각합니다.

i think if the u.s. actually goes into recession , we will find out maybe after the fact that europe was also slowing down substantially.
미국이 실제로 불황기로 진입하게 되면 , 아마 유럽 역시 상당한 침체를 겪고 있었구나 하는 사실을 우리는 아마 나중에 알게 될 것입니다.

i think john (edwards) is the kind of person who is optimistic , connected to small-town rural america.
저는 존이 낙천적이고 미국의 작은 농촌 마을과도 잘 통할 사람이라고 생각합니다.

i think nicole kidman is a movie icon.
난 니콜 키드먼이 영화계의 우상이라고 생각해.

i think odysseus was too violent and conceited.
odysseeus는 너무 폭력적이고 자만한다고 생각한다.

i think wisdom is the most important to a king.
나는 지혜가 왕에게 가장 중요하다고 생각해.

i think dick should have been consulted before you went ahead and spent all the band's money on that synthesizer.
너는 그 신디사이저를 사려고 악단의 돈을 전부 쓰기 전에 딕과 의논을 했어야만 했다.

i think spinner jum is the best song we have ever done.
전 " spinner jum " 이 우리가 만든 최고의 노래라고 생각해요.

i see a peninsula that is one day united in commerce and cooperation , instead of divided by barbed wire and fear.
한반도에 언젠가는 상업과 상호협력 면에서 통일의 날이 올 것으로 믿습니다. 지금처럼 철조망과 공포로 분단되어 있는 대신 말입니다.

i see why timeless truth doesnt sell.
왜 영원한 진리가 팔리지 않는지 알겠네.

i can not , in conscience , do such a thing.
그런 짓은 나의 양심이 허락치 않는다.

i can not help but wonder how legitimate her kidnapping really was.
그녀의 유괴가 어떻게 합법적인지 궁금한 생각을 떨쳐버릴 수가 없어.

i can not help eating a lot.
많이 먹는 걸 나도 어쩔 수가 없어.

i can not speak more clealy. i have a frog in my throat.
더 이상 분명히 말할 수가 없습니다. 목이 꽉 잠겼습니다.

i can not eat the fish uncooked.
날 생선은 못 먹겠어요.

i can not understand the mentality of her.
나는 그녀의 심리를 이해할 수가 없다.

i can not understand the mentality of football hooligans.
난 광적인 축구 팬들의 사고방식을 이해할 수가 없다.

i can not hear you because of the noise of the traffic.
차량의 소음 때문에 네 말이 들리지 않는다.

i can not hear anything when i saturate myself in studying.
공부에 골몰하고 있을 때면 나는 아무것도 듣지 못한다.

i can not hear you. the crowd is cheering too loud.
네 말이 들리지 않아. 관중들이 너무 큰 소리로 응원을 하고 있어.

i can not find a babysitter for tonight.
오늘 밤 아이 봐 줄 사람을 구할 수가 없어요.

i can not find her for she hived off.
그녀가 급히 사라져서 나는 그녀를 찾을 수 없었다.

i can not tell him from his brother.
그와 그의 형을 분간할 수 없다.

i can not say whether that evidence is wholly corroborated or substantiated.
나는 그 증거가 완전히 입증되었다고 말할 수 없다.

i can not take the shell off the boiled egg.
삶은 달걀의 껍질을 못 까겠다.

i can not take the task in my stride.
나는 이 일을 손 쉽게 해낼 수 없다.

i can not and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions. (lillian hellman).
저는 이 시대의 흐름에 맞추기 위해 양심을 잘라낼 수도 없고 , 잘라내지도 않을 것입니다. (릴리안 헬만 , 예술명언).

i can not sleep because my nose is so stuffed up.
코가 자꾸 막혀서 잠을 잘 수가 없군.

i can not wait to go back to the blue heron cottage to find lots of sea shells and make sand castles.
다시 blue heron 별장으로 빨리 가서 조가비도 찾고 모래성도 만들고 싶다.

i can not believe anyone would do such a thing.
사람이 어떻게 그런 짓을 할 수 있을까 ?.

i can not zip the bag open as it is stuck.
지퍼가 끼여서(고장이 나서) 가방을 열 수가 없어요.

i can not spare time for it.
그것에 시간을 낼 수 없다.

i can not lock this key in the socket.
이 열쇠는 자물쇠 구멍에 맞지 않는다.

i can not afford the time to go on a honeymoon.
난 신혼여행 갈 시간이 없어.

i can not trust him for he is a weak vessel.
그는 믿을 수 없는 사람이라 나는 그를 믿을 수 없다.

i can not chew my food well because of the toothache.
치통 때문에 음식을 잘 씹을 수가 없습니다.

i can not fetch up a memory because i was too drunk at that time.
그 당시 나는 너무 취해 있어서 아무것도 기억 할 수가 없다.

i can not tolerate your bad manners any longer.
네 안 좋은 태도를 더 이상 못 참겠다.

i can not cope with the stress that comes from an overly demanding job.
나는 과중한 업무에서 오는 스트레스를 당해 낼 수가 없다.

i can always get around in taxis.
택시 타고 다니면 돼죠.

i can learn things by just observing.
그저 보고 있는 것만으로도 뭔가를 배울 수 있는 거지요.

i can see no conceivable reason for lying to him.
그에게 거짓말을 하기 위한 합당한 이유를 찾을 수가 없다.

i can feel a newly born vibration.
새로운 전율을 느낄 수 있어요.

i can feel that koreans are warmhearted.
한국 분들은 마음이 아주 따뜻한 것 같아요.

i can make nothing of all this scribble.
함부로 갈겨쓴 이 글씨를 나는 도무지 알 수가 없다.

i can stand so far forth.
그 만큼은 참을 수 있다.

i can lose myself in the guitar and the passionate singing.
난 기타와 열정적인 노래를 하며 나 자신을 완전히 잊어버릴 수 있었다.

i can slot you in between 3 and 4.
3시에서 4시 사이에 당신을 만날 시간을 낼 수 있을 것 같아요.

i can assure you of one thing. it is going to rain.
비가 올 것만은 확실하다.

i can solve this problem by my lone.
나 혼자서 이 문제를 해결할 수 있어.

i hear my heart beating in the chest.
내 가슴에서 심장 뛰는 소리가 들려요.

i hear there are more staff changes in the offing.
머지않아 직원 이동이 더 있을 거라고 들었어요.

i hear his wife is so devastated she's taken to her bed.
그의 부인은 망연자실하여 몸져누웠다고 한다.

i hear congratulations are in order.
축하할 일이 생겼다면서요.

i never use hairspray.
나는 헤어스프레이를 전혀 쓰지 않습니다.

i never thought he would betray me.
그가 나를 배신할 줄은 몰랐다.

i never ever want to see you again.
앞으론 당신을 절대 보고싶지 않아요.

i feel i am spinning my wheels with my english.
난 영어가 늘지 않고 제자리 걸음인 것 같아.

i feel like i am on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
나 신경쇠약 직전이야.

i feel like i could burst.
배가 터질 지경입니다.

i feel like a new person.
새로 태어난 느낌입니다.

i feel like you are pulling your weight.
자네는 몸을 아끼지 않고 맡은 일을 하는 것 같아.

i feel like forgetting all about this project.
이 일에서 손떼고 싶은 생각이 들어요.

i feel like superman , he said , trying to hold back the tide.
저는 제 자신이 이런 시류를 저지하려는 슈퍼맨처럼 느껴지곤 해요.

i feel no animosity toward(s) him.
나는 그에게 아무런 감정도 없다.

i feel so nauseous that i think i am going to throw up.
속이 메스꺼워서 토할 것 같다.

i feel that i should defer to his judgment.
그분의 의견을 따르는 것이 좋을 것 같습니다.

i feel more comfortable knowing she's with an adult.
그 아이가 어른하고 같이 있다는걸 알게 되니 한결 안심이 됩니다.

i feel such pity for those poor starving children in africa.
난 아프라카에서 굶주리는 불쌍한 아이들한테 너무나 동정심을 느껴요.

i feel betrayed by his defection.
나는 그의 변절에 배신감을 느꼈다.

i feel nervous about my interview tomorrow.
나는 내일 있을 면접 때문에 좀 불안하다.

i feel painful in every joint. or my whole body aches.
사대육신이 아프다.

i feel confident that he will do that.
그가 그렇게 할 거란 확신이 든다.

i feel uneasy about his health.
그의 건강이 염려된다.

i finished that book you lent me. i really enjoyed it.
당신이 빌려 준 책 다 읽었어요. 정말 재미있던데요.

i hope he was suitably apologetic for breaking your glasses.
네 안경을 깨뜨린 것에 대해 그가 적절히 사과했기를 바란다.

i hope you will not take any offense at my words.
제 말씀에 노여워하지 마십시오.

i hope this workload keeps up. the days just drag by when it's slow. i'd much rather be busy.
앞으로도 업무량이 이 정도로 유지되면 좋겠어. 한가하면 시간이 느리게 가니까. 난 바쁜 편이 좋아.

i hope to have a little snug sitting-room with a log fire burning.
나는 벽난로가 있는 작고 아늑한 거실을 갖고 싶다.

i hope that metro bank might reconsider its decision and keep forest heights open.
저는 메트로 은행이 폐점 결정을 재고하시고 포레스트 하이츠 지점을 계속 여시길 바랍니다.

i find the minister's remarks helpful.
저는 장관님의 견해가 많은 도움을 줬다고 생각합니다.

i find it very hard to sympathize with him.
나는 그를 동정하기가 몹시 힘들다.

i find it absolutely astonishing that you did not like it.
그게 네 마음에 안 들었다니 정말 너무 놀랍다.

i find my lasagna pan the perfect size.
나는 나의 완벽한 사이즈의 라자냐 팬을 찾았어.

i find myself unequal to the task. or i can not manage it alone.
이 일은 감당하기가 어렵다.

i find soluble aspirins easier to take than the ones you have to swallow whole.
나는 용해성 아스피린이 전체를 삼켜야 하는 아스피린보다 더 복용하기에 쉽다는 것을 안다.

i got a scolding from my teacher.
선생님께 꾸중을 들었다.

i got the animated movie ice age 2. it's coming out.
애니메이션 영화 아이스 에이지 2가 개봉을 앞두고 있습니다.

i got this tire from you guys two months ago. will the warranty cover the cost of the repair ?.
두 달 전에 여기서 이 타이어를 샀습니다. 보증서로 수리 비용도 처리됩니까 ?.

i got to make sure i am never out of touch with the people who torture and torment me.
저를 괴롭히는 사람들이랑 연락이 끊어지면 안 되거든요.

i got it on the rec from here.
여기서부터 녹음해야되겠다.

i got my aptitude test record today.
나는 오늘 적성 검사결과를 받았다.

i got another rejection on the job front.
취직시험에서 또 물을 먹었다.

i got complimentary tickets for the theatre.
나 극장 초대권 받았어.

i got kicked on the shin by him.
나는 그에게 정강이를 차였다.

i got 48 e-mails in the half-hour between when the game ended and the time i left the locker room at dodger stadium , jeff wilpon the coo of the new york mets baseball team added.
" 전 경기가 끝났을 때와 dodger stadium의 라커룸을 떠났던 시간 사이 30분 동안 48통의 이메일을 받았어요. " 라고 뉴욕 메츠 야구팀의 최고 운영책임자인.

i got 48 e-mails in the half-hour between when the game ended and the time i left the locker room at dodger stadium , jeff wilpon the coo of the new york mets baseball team added.
jeff wilpon은 덧붙였다.

i got soaked in water because he rowed wet.
나는 그가 물을 튀면서 저었기 때문에 물에 흠뻑 젖었다.

i lost my wallet in the subway.
지하철에서 지갑을 잃어버렸다.

i lost my credit card and need to have it reissued.
신용카드를 잃어버려서 재발급받고 싶은데요.

i should not have brought up the subject of money. all it got me was scolding from my mother.
괜히 돈 이야기를 꺼냈다가 엄마에게 욕만 바가지로 얻어먹었다.

i should get the hem let out a little on these pants.
바짓단을 좀 내야겠다.

i should stick my neck out to protect her.
내가 목숨을 걸고서라도 그녀를 보호해야지.

i save up 50 , 000 won each month for a trip to europe.
유럽 여행을 위해 매달 5만 원씩 적금을 넣고 있다.

i could not catch a cab for five minutes.
5분 동안이나 택시가 안 잡혔어.

i could not arrive on time because i overslept this morning.
오늘 아침에 늦잠을 자서 제 시간에 올 수 없었어요.

i could not resist a quick peek in through the windows , and i can tell you that it was rather dark and dingy looking yet strangely welcoming and cozy at the same time !.
난 창들을 통해 재빨리 엿보았는데 다소 어둡고 거무죽죽했으며 , 낯설게 환영하는 것처럼 보이는 동시에 아늑해 보였다 !.

i could not resist the temptation to open the letter.
나는 그 편지를 뜯어보고 싶은 유혹을 참을 수가 없었다.

i could no longer just stand by and watch their unscrupulous behavior.
그들의 비양심적인 작태를 더 이상 보고만 있을 수 없었다.

i could feel my ears and toes start to thaw out.
나는 (얼었던) 귀와 발가락이 녹는 것을 느낄 수 있었다.

i could tell he was an out-of-towner by his accent.
말씨를 보고 그가 외지 사람임을 알았다.

i could use a bar of soap.
비누 한 장 사용했으면 하는데요.

i could hardly bear to look at the horrific scene of disaster.
그 참상은 차마 눈 뜨고 볼 수 없었다.

i could withdraw my savings , but even then we'd not have enough.
나는 저금을 인출할 수도 있으나 그래도 모자랄 것이다.

i could recognize her at eye.
난 한눈에 그녀를 알아볼 수 있었다.

i could infer from his jokes that he is a dog in the blanket.
나는 그의 농담에서 그가 심술궂은 사람이라는 것을 추측할 수 있었다.

i know he has already written to you expressing his gratitude , but i would like to add my own appreciation.
그가 이미 감사 편지를 보낸 것은 알지만 , 저 역시 감사를 드리고 싶습니다.

i know a really good saloon that is well-known to celebrities.
유명 인사들에게 잘 알려져 있는 정말 좋은 술집을 알고 있죠.

i know a cozy place , where they make good drinks.
아늑한 술집을 하나 알고 있는데 , 칵테일을 아주 잘 만들어요.

i know , but the snowstorm last week has delayed everything. i am still waiting for the information i need.
알아요 , 그렇지만 지난 주의 눈보라가 모든 것을 다 지연시켜 버렸어요. 저는 지금도 필요한 자료를 기다리고 있는 중이예요.

i know you have a very stressful job.
네가 스트레스를 많이 받는 일을 하고 있는 거 알아.

i know you can not resist chocolates.
네가 초코렛이라면 못 참는 거 알아.

i know you confessed your crime of your own motive.
네가 자진하여 죄를 고백했다는 것은 알고 있다.

i know what you mean. the summer is just too hot to do anything strenuous.
그 심정 알겠어요. 여름엔 너무 더워서 힘든 일을 할 수가 없어요.

i know this sounds pollyanna-ish , but it's not.
이게 지나치게 낙천적으로 들린다는걸 나도알아. 하지만 그렇지 않아.

i know that it will increase the cost quite a bit , but i highly recommend speaking to zap about using one of their outside vendors.
비용이 약간 올라가리라는 건 잘 알지만 , 잽 인쇄소 측과 얘기해서 그곳에서 거래하는 외주업체를 활용하는 방안을 알아보기를 강력히 제의 합니다.

i know his family background to the backbone.
나는 그의 가족 사항을 철두 철미하게 알고 있다.

i know that's redundant , but otherwise it does not spell anything.
그렇게 말할 필요 없지만 그래도 그렇게 하지 않으면 말이 안되거든.

i read this article and felt unhappy about its sneering tone.
나는 이 기사를 읽고 , 조롱하는 듯한 어투에 불행함을 느꼈다.

i read your rebuttal of chris mullin's rebuttal with interest.
나는 네가 chris mullin의 반박에 대하여 반박하는걸 흥미롭게 읽었어.

i read chapter 5 of my history book.
나는 역사책의 5장을 읽고 있다.

i need a man of figures on the cashier.
나는 계산대에 계산을 잘 하는 사람이 필요하다.

i need a covering for my chair.
나는 의자 씌우개가 필요하다.

i need to buy some more patty.
나는 파이 껍질을 좀 더 사야겠어.

i need to talk to you about a matter of some delicacy.
좀 미묘한 문제에 대해 당신과 이야기를 좀 해야 겠어요.

i need to put some money into my account.
제 구좌에 돈을 좀 입금하고 싶습니다.

i need to order three boxes of manila envelopes.
마닐라 봉투 3박스를 신청해야겠는데요.

i need an automatic sedan for two days.
이틀간 사용할 오토매틱 승용차가 필요해요.

i need two yards of cloth.
나는 2야드의 천이 필요합니다.

i need someone to help proctor a test in the morning.
오전에 시험 감독 도와줄 사람이 필요해서요.

i need reference books to study.
공부할려면 참고서를 사야죠.

i had a great tug to persuade him.
그를 설득하는 데 애를 먹었다.

i had a dream in which i picked up a diamond.
다이아몬드를 줍는 꿈을 꾸었다.

i had a conversation about the party with my friend.
친구와 파티 얘기를 했다.

i had a craving for something sweet.
나는 뭔가 단 것이 너무 먹고 싶었다.

i had a sneaking suspicion behind me.
등 뒤에서 뭔가 이상한 느낌이 들었어요.

i had a tiff with my mother this morning.
오늘 아침에 어머니와 사소한 말다툼을 했다.

i had not dealt with the emptiness that i was trying to fill with my food addiction.
저는 음식으로 채우려고 했던 공허감을 제대로 해소하지 못했어요.

i had to slave (away) for a living.
생계를 위해 뼈빠지게 일하지 않으면 안 되었다.

i had to walk the plank at other board members' request.
다른 이사진들의 요청으로 나는 자리를 내놓아야 했다.

i had to fight my way through the milling crowd.
나는 떼를 지어 서성거리는 사람들 사이를 전투하듯 뚫고 나아가야 했다.

i had to appease my hunger with just a slice of bread.
빵 한 조각으로 허기를 달래야 했다.

i had to bluff. there was no other way out.
적당히 속여야 했어요. 달리 빠져 나갈 방법이 없었거든요.

i had to dismantle the engine in order to repair it.
나는 수리하기 위해 엔진을 분해해야 했다.

i had to whomp up $ 3 , 000 for my dad.
나는 아버지를 위해서 3천 달러를 서둘러 마련해야 했다.

i had it good and won the lottery.
나는 운이 좋았고 복권에 당첨됐다.

i had always felt guilty about my aunt's favoritism and had occasionally hurt her feelings as a result.
나는 항상 우리 숙모의 편애에 대해 죄스러운 마음이 들었고 , 그 결과로 이따금 그녀의 마음에 상처를 주었다.

i had my blood drawn as a transfusion for him.
나는 그에게 수혈하려고 피를 뽑았다.

i had never heard of the watchmen before the trailer.
난 그 예고편을 보기전에 '왓치맨'에 대해서 들어본 적이 없었다.

i had an uncontrollable urge to laugh.
나는 웃고 싶은 충동을 참을 수가 없었다.

i had rather starve to death than steal.
나는 도둑질을 할 바에야 차라리 굶어 죽겠다.

i had little hope of a medal of any colour.
나는 메달을 딸 가능성이 거의 없다.

i had changed my thought when i worked as a peace corps volunteer in tunisia in the mid-1960s.
나는 1960년 대 중반에 튀니지에서 평화 봉사단의 자원봉사을 하면서 생각을 많이 바꾸게 되었습니다.

i had tried to talk to the abuser about the pain he inflicted on me.
나는 폭력자와 그가 가했던 고통에 대해 이야기하려 했다.

i had mixed feelings of joy and sadness.
내 마음속에 희비가 엇갈렸다.

i had wished for my father's death ; i was the least worthy of all his children and i should be the first to leave home.
나는 아버지가 죽기를 바랬다. 나는 그의 자식들 가운데 가장 무가치한 사람이었기 때문에 집을 가장 먼저 떠나야 했다.

i had tb and spent several months in a sanitarium in the mountains.
나는 결핵에 걸려서 산 속의 요양소에서 몇 달을 지냈다.

i met the right collaborator.
제게 딱 맞는 파트너를 만났거든요.

i met her at the hospital.
난 병원에서 그녀를 만났다.

i decided to deal in tours exclusively for ecology rather than general sightseeing.
저는 여행 전반을 다루기보다는 생태관광만 을 취급하기로 했습니다.

i decided to oil things anyhow.
어찌되었건 나는 일을 형편대로 하기로 결심했다.

i decided to play the nemesis one day.
언젠가는 복수하리라 나는 맘먹었다.

i heard the acting was excellent. beth and i are going this weekend.
연기가 아주 볼만하다길래 베스와 이번 주말에 가려고 해.

i heard the macdougal street cafe is closing at the end of the month.
맥더걸 스트리트 카페가 이달 말에 문을 닫는다고 하더군요.

i heard they had a shotgun wedding.
그들은 강제 결혼을 했대요.

i heard that you had a plan to visit dallas this summer.
이번 여름에 달라스를 방문할 계획이라고 들었어요.

i heard that they will give an audition to the movie.
그들이 영화에 대해 오디션을 할거라고 들었다.

i heard that some places will have difficulties due to the drought.
어떤 지역은 가뭄으로 인해 어려움을 겪을 거라고 들었어요.

i used to work at a brokerage firm.
나는 한때 증권사 다니던 직원이었죠.

i used to work there.
나 거기서 일했었어.

i used to watch the show with my nan.
나는 나의 할머니와 그 공연을 보곤 했다.

i used to tremble every time you called my name.
너가 내 이름을 부를때마다 나는 떨곤 했다.

i used black beans to add some protein.
나는 단백질을 보충하기 위해 검은 콩을 사용했다.

i let them finish the job on sufferance.
나는 눈감아주어 그들이 일을 끝내게 했다.

i apologize to you for being rude.
무례했던 것에 대해 사과드립니다.

i take a 30-minute catnap in the afternoon.
나는 오후에 30분간 선잠을 잔다.

i take exercise every morning to build up my body.
몸을 만들기 위해 매일 아침 운동한다.

i break out in hives whenever i eat shellfish.
나는 조개 종류를 먹을 때마다 두드러기가 난다.

i was a nap when suddenly the thundering sound hit my ears.
갑자기 내 귀를 때리는 천둥소리를 들었을 때 나는 낮잠을 자고 있었다.

i was a zombie for months.
나는 한 달 동안 좀비였다.

i was a gymnast , a competitive swimmer and a netballer.
나는 체조 선수 , 경쟁력있는 수영선수 그리고 농구(여자들이 주로 하는) 선수였다.

i was in a tim burton film.
나는 팀 버튼의 영화에 출연한 바 있다.

i was not hurt since i rolled with the punch.
나는 피했기 때문에 상처를 입지 않았다.

i was not too much of a wild child.
저는 지나치게 야단법석을 떠는 아이가 아니었습니다.

i was not paying attention to the speedometer.
속도계에 신경쓰지 않았습니다.

i was not expecting it , i will have to have my secretary reschedule my appointments.
이번 일은 있을 줄은 미처 몰랐어요. 비서보고 약속 스케줄을 다시 조정하라고 해야겠군요.

i was at a performance when jo brand berated someone for arriving late.
jo brand 늦게 도착한 누군가를 꾸짖고 있을때 난 공연중에 있었다.

i was at a surreal age , on a surreal set.
나는 너무 어린 나이에 초현실적인 무대에 섰다.

i was like david fighting up against goalath.
나는 마치 골리앗과 역전 분투했던 다윗과 같았다.

i was so distressed that i felt like crying.
나는 울고 싶으리만큼 사정이 딱했다.

i was about to take a shower.
나 이제 막 샤워하려던 참이었어.

i was going to make curry chicken for dinner.
저녁 식사에 치킨 카레를 만들려고 했거든.

i was never one who was squeamish about nudity.
내가 나체에 대해 예민한 적은 한 번도 없었다.

i was tired of another turn of the screw.
나는 압박이 가해지는 일 때문에 피곤했다.

i was her assistant in the library for a time.
나는 한동안 도서관에서 그녀의 조수 노릇을 했다.

i was talking about the mtas debacle.
나는 mtas 대실패에 대해 이야기하고 있었다.

i was reading about a couple of guys who sold everything they had and went off to the yukon to pan for gold.
가진 것을 몽땅 팔아 금을 찾아 유콘 강으로 떠난 몇몇 사람들에 대한 이야기를 읽었어요.

i was off my top but tried not to lose my temper.
난 격분했지만 흥분하지 않으려 했다.

i was busy all day long as usual.
평소와 같이 하루종일 바빴다.

i was busy with my english lessons.
영어 강습 받느라고 바빴어.

i was wrong in thinking we would score an easy victory.
쉽게 이길 수 있다고 생각했던 게 오산이었다.

i was done in by overwork.
과로로 녹초가 됐다.

i was early for my appointment.
나는 약속 시간 보다 일찍 왔다.

i was little likely to part with sandra.
나는 산드라와 헤어지고 싶지 않았다.

i was saved from death by a hair's breadth.
하마터면 죽을 것을 살았다.

i was put under academic probation last semester.
지난 학기에 학사경고를 받았어.

i was really up the creek without my car.
나는 차가 없어서 정말 곤란한 처지였다.

i was really full and i had to loosen my belt.
나는 배가 너무 불러 벨트를 약간 풀어야 했다.

i was really tempted to give him a clout.
정말 그 녀석에게 한 방 먹이고 싶었다.

i was really cheesed off at the guy.
난 그에게 화가 정말 많이 났단 말야.

i was awakened by a baby's crying.
나는 아기의 울음소리에 잠을 깼다.

i was hoping you could quit the job , it's worth a shit.
나는 네가 그 일을 그만두길 바라고 있어 , 조금도 가치 없는 일이야.

i was hoping some additional salespeople could help.
난 영업 사원을 보강해서 해결했으면 하고 바랬는데요.

i was wondering if you saw the zap printing notice that was sent around this morning.
오늘 아침 회람된 잽 인쇄소의 공지문을 보셨는지 궁금합니다.

i was scared out of my wits.
나는 겁이 나서 정신이 없었어.

i was born in the year of rabbit.
난 토끼띠야.

i was born in the countryside. my hometown is in the countryside.
난 시골 태생입니다. 내 고향은 시골입니다.

i was taken in , trusting that guy.
그 친구를 믿었다가 골탕 먹었다.

i was taken aback by the answer.
나는 그 대답에 어안이 벙벙했다.

i was surprise at her who appeared like a bombshell.
그는 돌발적으로 나타난 그녀에 놀랐다.

i was five years old when my father introduced me to motor sports.
나의 아빠가 나에게 자동차 경주에 대해 소개한 것은 내가 다섯 살 때였다.

i was treated like an uneducated child.
난 교육 받지 못한 아이처럼 대했었다.

i was ready to shoot niagara.
난 큰 모험을 할 준비가 되었다.

i was anxious for her safety from one day to another.
나는 매일매일 그녀의 안전이 염려됐다.

i was moved by his devotion to his parents.
나는 그의 효심에 감복했다.

i was completely out of my depth in french class.
나는 불어 시간에 전혀 알아듣지 못하였다.

i was completely bewildered by her cold remark.
그녀의 차가운 한마디에 나는 정말 당황했다.

i was shocked at the audacity and brazenness of the gangsters.
그를 다시 집에 들어오게 했다고 그녀가 뻔뻔하게 인정을 한 바 있었다.

i was invited to be chairman but i turned it down.
의장직을 제안받았지만 거절했어.

i was shown around the camp by the un and the tribal elders.
나는 un과 그 부족의 원로들의 안내로 캠프를 둘러보았다.

i was slightly afraid of their chilly distant politeness.
그 점원의 예기치 않은 공손함 때문에 나는 기분이 좋아졌다.

i was riding in a cab with scott.
전 스콧과 같은 택시를 타고 있었다.

i was burning the midnight oil last night.
어제 밤늦게까지 공부를 했어요.

i was curled up on the floor in a corner sobbing hysterically.
그 소식을 듣자 그는 히스테리 발작을 일으켰다.

i was blown away when you jumped into the sea.
네가 갑자기 바다에 뛰어들어서 나 기절하는 줄 알았어.

i was totally excluded from everything.
난 매사에 철처히 소외되었죠.

i was lucky that i had missed the boat that was wrecked.
조난당한 배를 놓쳐 안 탔으니 운이 좋았다.

i was prescribed drugs to control seizures.
약 4%의 5살 미만 아이들은 열때문에 생긴 발작을 경험한다.

i was woken up at some unearthly hour of the morning by someone knocking on my door.
누군가가 문을 두드리는 소리 때문에 이른 아침 시간에 잠을 깼다.

i was woken by the noise of a car starting up.
나는 자동차 시동 거는 소리에 잠이 깨었다.

i was speechless at her abrupt question.
나는 그녀의 느닷없는 질문에 할 말을 잃었다.

i was quits with my enemy.
나는 적에게 보복했다.

i was agreeably surprised.
기분 좋게 놀랐다.

i was momentarily under the illusion that i was in a foreign country.
나는 잠깐 딴 나라에 와 있는 듯한 착각을 일으켰다.

i was nauseated by the violence in the movie.
나는 그 영화에 나오는 폭력이 역겨웠다.

i was thrown out of my stride.
나는 당황했다.

i was numb for a second.
나는 잠시 동안 멍했었다.

i was captivated by her beauty.
나는 그녀의 아름다움에 넋을 잃었다.

i was staggered at his radicalism and boldness.
나는 그의 급진적 사상과 대담함에 깜짝 놀랐다.

i was charmed with the music.
나는 그 음악에 빠져들었다.

i was charmed with her conversation.
나는 그녀의 대화에 매료되었다.

i was dozing off during the entire movie.
영화를 보는 내내 졸았다.

i was foiled in my dream to become a singer.
가수가 되는 꿈이 좌절되었다.

i was heartbroken when i knew my boyfriend had been playing double.
남자친구가 양다리 걸쳐온 사실을 알고 나는 상심했다.

i was enraptured by the melody flowing from his violin.
나는 그의 바이올린 선율에 취했다.

i was housesitting my nextdoor neighbor.
옆집을 봐 주고 있었어.

i was lucky. or i was in luck. or it was a sheer fluke.
난 운이 좋았어.

i did not mean to leave her name off the list ; it was an oversight.
내가 그 명단에서 그녀 이름을 빼려던 것은 아니었다. 그건 실수였다.

i did not mean to bother you and talk the bark off a tree.
나는 당신을 귀찮게 계속 지껄일 생각은 없었어요.

i did not get a wink of sleep.
잠 한숨 못 잤다.

i did not want to hear the sordid details of their relationship.
나는 그들의 관계에 대한 추악한 내용을 세세히 듣고 싶지 않았다.

i did not look into the manual hard enough.
안내서를 꼼꼼히 들여다보지 않았어요.

i did not know her from adam.
나는 그녀를 보고도 알아보지 못했다.

i did not know whom to thank for the anonymous gift.
익명의 선물을 받고 누구에게 감사해야 할 지 몰랐어요.

i did not know whether i was afoot or horseback.
나는 머리가 혼란스러워졌다.

i did not sleep a wink last night because my child was fretful.
아이가 밤새 보채서 한잠도 못 잤다.

i did not agree with the conclusion.
그 결과에 동의하지 않아요.

i did not pay attention to anything the teacher was saying ; all i could think about was the tournament.
나는 선생님이 말하시는 것을 주의깊게 듣지 않았다. 나는 오직 시합에 대해 생각했다.

i did not meet any potential girlfriend.
애인이 될 만한 여자를 만나지 못했어요.

i did not quite expect it to go viral.
나는 그게 입소문날줄은 몰랐어.

i did not arrive before time.
난 늦게 도착했다.

i did my utmost. i just hope everything will work out fine.
최선을 다했어. 다 잘 되길 바랄 뿐이야.

i love you in all sincerity.
나는 널 진정으로 사랑해.

i love to lay a place for my parents on sunday mornings.
나는 일요일 아침마다 부모님의 식탁을 차리는 것을 좋아한다.

i love it so much and can not recommend it any more highly although sleep is nonexistent.
저는 이것을 아주 좋아해요 , 그리고 비록 잠을 못 자지만 이것을 더 할 나위 없이 추천하고 싶어요.

i love doing business with salmon brothers. they are our best customer.
나는 샐먼 브라더스와 일하는 게 좋아. 그 사람들은 우리의 가장 큰 고객이야.

i love listening to his tales of life at sea.
나는 그의 선원 생활 이야기를 듣는 것이 정말 좋다.

i love lady gaga - a cool new yorker who is obsessed by fashion and pop.
나는 패션과 팝에 사로잡혀있는 쿨한 뉴욕사람인 레이디가가를 좋아한다.

i saw a snake hissing on the ground.
나는 땅 위에서 쉭쉭 소리를 내는 뱀을 보았다.

i saw a spark in his eyes.
나는 그의 눈빛이 빛나는 것을 보았다.

i saw what was happening , but i was powerless to help.
나는 어떤 일이 일어나고 있는지를 보았지만 전혀 도울 수가 없었다.

i saw it clearly with my own eyes.
내 눈으로 분명히 보았다.

i saw an alien and i do not mean maybe.
나는 외계인을 봤는데 진짜야 !.

i saw some workers trimming branches around the wires outside. maybe they cut the line or something.
내가 봤는데 어떤 인부들이 밖에 있는 전선 주변의 나뭇가지를 다듬고 있더라구요. 아마 전화선을 잘라 버린 모양이에요.

i saw stars. or there was an angry spark in my eyes.
나는 눈에 불이 났다.

i said that copyright was not an issue.
나는 저작권이 이슈되지 않는다고 말했다.

i agree , but what ? we tried television production and it was a disaster. remember ?.
동감이예요 , 그렇지만 어떻게요 ? 우리는 전에 tv 프로덕션을 운영해봤지만 , 완전히 실패로 끝났어요. 기억하겠죠 ?.

i agree it's an important subject , but it's tangential to the problem under discussion.
그것이 중요한 문제라는 데에는 나도 동의하지만 , 지금 토의 중인 문제와는 별 관계가 없다.

i agree 100% with the use of the death penalty.
나는 사형에 대해 동의한다.

i become nauseous every time i ride a car.
나는 차만 타면 멀미를 한다.

i ask the friendly professor why ludwig was deposed.
나는 나와 친한 교수님에게 왜 러드위그가 물러났냐고 물어본다.

i use a plastic bucket with good results.
나는 좋은 결과를 가진 플라스틱 물통을 사용한다.

i use a hoe to hoe weeds from my garden.
나는 괭이로 정원의 잡초를 제초한다.

i use a steamroom for exfoliating too.
나는 각질을 벗기기 위해 찜질방을 또한 사용한다.

i use lemon juice for flavoring in baking cakes.
나는 케이크 굽는데 레몬주스를 사용해 맛을 낸다.

i found a range of chinese and russian rocket launchers.
나는 중국과 러시아산 로켓포의 사정거리를 발견했다.

i found a nail sticking in the tyre.
나는 타이어에 못이 하나 박여 있는 것을 발견했다.

i found a nail sticking in the tyre.
" (당신) 차 타이어에 펑크가 났어. " " 알아. ".

i found it quite slow and tedious.
나는 그것이 무척 지루하고 성가신것이라는 사실을 알게되었다.

i found out that dalmatians first came from a country called croatia.
나는 달마시안들이 크로아티아라고 불리는 나라에서 처음 왔다는 것을 발견했단다.

i found him drop off the twig in his bed.
가 보니 그는 침대에서 죽어 있었다.

i unearthed my old diaries when we moved house.
나는 우리 집이 이사를 갈 때 내 옛날 일기장들을 찾았다.

i made a snowman with the snow in our yard.
나는 정원에 쌓인 눈으로 눈사람을 만들었습니다.

i made no bones about disliking him.
나는 그를 미워한다는 것을 숨김없이 말했다.

i made up my mind to leave on her requisition.
그녀의 요구로 나는 떠나기로 결심했다.

i made things warm for the troublemaker.
나는 문제아를 아주 혼내주었다.

i thought he was a dope , but he's actually extraordinarily clever.
숙맥인 줄 알았더니 그는 단수가 보통이 아니다.

i thought a number of the mp committee members were arrogant and bombastic.
저는 'mp 위원회 위원들 중 많은 이들이 오만하고 허풍떨기를 좋아한다' 고 생각합니다.

i thought the 2 was a typo and to make sure i called the company before making my application - it was not a typo.
나는 숫자 2가 잘못 인쇄된 것이려니 생각해 지원서를 내기 전에 그 회사에 확인 전화를 걸었으나 2는 오자가 아니었다.

i thought the coat price was ridiculous.
코트 가격이 터무니없이 비쌌던 것 같아요.

i thought you always hit the sack early.
넌 언제나 일찍 잠자리에 든다고 생각했지.

i thought you used a headbolt heater to keep your engine warm.
엔진을 따뜻하게 유지하기 위해 헤드볼트 히터를 사용하는 줄 알았어요.

i thought you two were bosom buddies.
너희 둘이 막역한 친구라고 생각했어.

i thought you said mr. walker was not coming.
당신이 walker 선생님은 오지 않을 거라고 말한 줄 알았어.

i thought you already assigned chapter 11 to us.
11과는 이미 저희들에게 과제로 내 주신 것 같은데요.

i thought your pamphlet was extremely persuasive.
나는 너의 팸플릿이 매우 설득력 있다고 생각했다.

i thought she took it for yes.
좋다고 받아들이는 걸로 생각했다.

i thought we were deliriously happy !.
우리가 말할 수 없이 행복하다고 생각했었는데 !.

i thought that he was absent from school.
나는 그가 결석한 줄 알았다.

i thought that they would give me a hearty welcome.
그들이 진심으로 환영해 주려니 생각했다.

i thought i'd drop by and say howdy.
잠시 들러서 인사나 하려고 생각했었어요.

i thought " the shawshank redemption " was an amazingly emotional and hard-hitting movie.
'쇼생크 탈출'은 굉장히 감동적이고 강렬한 영화라고 생각했다.

i thought his sentence was particularly harsh.
그에게 내려진 선고가 특히 가혹하다고 생각해요.

i sent the ax after the helve.
엎친 데 덮친 격이다.

i sent the order by overnight courier.
전 다음 날 도착하는 속달로 주문 상품을 보냈어요.

i also do not like to read stuff that is quiet wordy.
나도 길고 지루한 것을 읽는거 좋아하지 않아.

i also like the fact that it has a very mild fragrance.
은은한 향까지 있다는 게 제 마음에 쏙듭니다.

i also host coaching clinics and commentate for the bbc.
나는 개인교습 클리닉을 운영을 하고 bbc에서 해설도 합니다.

i also wanted to know the history of pro-wrestling.
나는 프로레슬링의 역사 역시 알고 싶어졌다.

i also reckon you are smart enough to know that.
저 또한 당신이 그것을 알기에 충분히 똑똑하다고 생각합니다.

i only hope this unfortunate lapse of judgement has not turned my voter against me.
저는 단지 이 불미스러운 판단 착오로 인해 저희 유권자들이 저에게서 등을 돌리지 않았기를 바랍니다.

i only slept for two hours last night.
어제 밤에 단 2시간밖에 못 잤거든.

i offer you my wholehearted congratulations.
진심으로 축하드립니다.

i share the house with jim , ian and sam , not forgetting spike , the dog.
난 그 집에서 짐 , 이언 , 샘 , 또 우리 개 스파이크와 함께 지낸다.

i must have stared at the ceiling for three hours.
난 세 시간 동안 천장만 멀뚱멀뚱 바라 본것 같애.

i must have overlooked that typo.
내가 그 오타를 무심코 넘겨버린게 틀림없었다.

i must try to curtail my speech.
나는 내 연설을 줄이도록 노력해야한다.

i must top off this project.
이 프로젝트를 끝낼 것이다.

i must confess i do not know either.
실은 나도 잘 모르겠어.

i must confess that i was surprised to hear it.
실은 그것을 듣고 놀랐다.

i must honestly say that the whole experience blew my mind.
전체적인 경험이 나를 뿅가게 만들었다고 나는 정직히 말해야 한다.

i receive a generous bonus at my company.
상여금이 두둑해요.

i pulled up with the ladder truck.
나는 사다리 소방차를 세웠다.

i declared against the project. or i professed opposition to the project.
그 기획에 반대의사를 표명했다.

i object , because i lean against that bill.
저는 그 안건에 반대하기 때문에 이의를 제기합니다.

i lay down on the bed.
나는 침대 위에 (드러)누웠다.

i put my t-shirts in the washing machine.
세탁기에 티셔츠 넣어 놓았어요.

i put them in the nets , they pour them into crates.
나는 그것들을 네트에다 담았고 , 그들은 그것들을 나무상자에 들이부었다.

i gave the box a good bash with my hammer.
나는 망치로 상자를 힘껏 내려쳤다.

i gave an order for my dinner to a waitress who arranged table.
나는 테이블을 정리하던 웨이트리스에게 저녁을 주문했다.

i gave him provocation by going out in his clothest.
나는 그의 옷을 입고 나가 그를 화나게 했다.

i went to the ball game last night. moyer pitched a great game , boone hit two homers , and i yelled myself hoarse.
어제 밤에 야구장에 갔어요. 모이어가 공도 잘 던지고 보운이 홈런을 두 개 쳤지요. 그래서 목이 쉬도록 고함을 질렀어요.

i looked up at the clock in the studio.
나는 스튜디오의 시계를 올려다보았다.

i looked for it hither and thither.
나는 여기저기에 그것을 찾았다.

i meet him every morning 'bout a half past eight.
매일 아침 8시 30분쯤 그 아일 만나.

i loved the camel's pacing gait.
전 낙타의 걸음걸이가 좋았어요.

i ran an exhibit of my own paintings at cambridge.
나는 캠브리지에서 내 그림 전시회를 열었다.

i ran as fast as i could to get the lifeguard.
나는 구조원을 데리러 할 수 있는 한 빨리 달렸다.

i remember this as a rite of passage.
나는 이것을 일종의 통과의례로 기억한다.

i remember that iron bikini i wore in " episode vi ": what supermodels will eventually wear in the seventh ring of hell.
나는 " 에피소드 vi " 에서 언젠가는 슈퍼모델이 지옥에서나 입을 만한 금속으로 만든 비키니를 입었던 것을 기억한다.

i remember everything from the camp , from a to z.
나는 캠프에 대한 모든 것을 하나부터 열까지 기억한다.

i enjoy playing tennis and squash.
나는 테니스와 스쿼시 치는 걸 즐긴다.

i fell off my bike and broke my leg. i am going to be on crutches all summer.
자전거 타다가 떨어져서 다리를 다쳤어요. 여름 내내 목발을 짚고 다녀야 해요.

i felt a sense of betrayal when my friends refused to support me.
친구들이 도와주기를 거절했을 때 나는 배신감을 느꼈다.

i felt a profound and pressing need for money of my own.
나는 용돈이 절실하게 필요했다.

i felt it was awkward to talk with them.
그들과 이야기하기가 불편했다.

i felt my heart beating fast.
내 심장이 빠르게 고동치는 것을 느꼈다.

i felt her nails sink into my wrist.
그녀의 손톱이 내 손목에 박히는 것이 느껴졌다.

i felt as if i had risen from the dead.
마치 죽음에서 소생한 느낌이었다.

i felt awkward to find myself short of money.
가진 돈이 적어서 낯간지러웠다.

i felt bitter when i was on the pan in the group.
집단에서 내가 헐뜯겼을 때 기분이 쓰렸다.

i felt uneasy watching him sing in his first performance.
그가 첫무대에서 노래 부르는 것을 보면서 조마조마했다.

i just want a basic white-collar job , a car and a house.
난 기본적인 사무직과 자동차 한 대 그리고 집 한 채를 원할 뿐이야.

i just want to get out of the crowd of this city.
이 도시 인파에서 좀 벗어났으면 좋겠다.

i just want to say howdy to the newest members of this chatting room.
난 단지 이 채팅방의 새 회원들에게 인사말을 건네고 싶어.

i just want to underline what lutz wrote.
나는 단지 루츠가 썼던 것을 밑줄치고 싶었을 뿐이야.

i just think it's also so counterproductive.
나는 이것이 또한 너무 역효과를 낳는다고 생각한다.

i just can not resist the stuff. i am back to drinking.
나는 술에 대한 유혹을 이길 수가 없어요. 다시 술을 마시게 되요.

i just feel bored these days.
그냥 요즘 지루해.

i just hope the opportunity is not squandered.
그 기회가 낭비가 되지 않길 바란다.

i just could not fall asleep without a drink.
맨정신으로는 도저히 잠을 이룰 수 없었다.

i just let loose and do my own thing.
그냥 긴장을 풀고 내 마음대로 할 뿐이야.

i just went bananas for a moment.
내가 잠시 제정신이 아니었다.

i just managed it. or i was just able to manage it.
간신히 해치웠다.

i just tried out one of your hair dye products and i have been losing my hair ever since.
귀사의 염색제품을 사용했는데 그 이후로 머리가 빠져요.

i just dropped by to say hi.
인사차 들렸어요.

i just stared blankly at the ceiling.
나는 천장만 멀뚱멀뚱 쳐다보았다.

i just lent some money to rory.
로리한테 약간의 돈을 빌려 줬어.

i still do not understand the difference between 'comprehend' and 'apprehend'.
아직도 'comprehend'와 'apprehend'의 차이점을 잘 모르겠어요.

i still have a cough , but my fever's gone.
기침은 하지만 열은 내렸어요.

i still have a lingering desire for the position.
나는 아직 그 자리에 미련이 있다.

i guess i will clean my camera for sightseeing.
관광할 경우에 대비해서 카메라를 좀 닦아 놓아야겠어요.

i guess i need to special-order some two-inch regulator handles -- you do not have enough in stock.
2인치 조정 핸들을 특별 주문해야겠어요. 재고가 부족한 것 같아요.

i guess , i have been a little tired lately.
괜찮은 것 같긴 한데 요즘 좀 피곤합니다.

i guess the show on channel 5 has completely changed her.
내 생각엔 5번 채널에서 방영한 쇼를 보고 완전히 바뀐 것 같아.

i guess it was just your lucky day.
너한테 운이 좋았던 날이었나 보네.

i guess they were too dumb to take a hint !.
그 사람들이 너무 둔해서 눈치를 못 챘던 것 같아.

i guess we have not been back there since our newlywed days.
신혼 때 이후론 거기에 다시 간 적이 없는 것 같아.

i guess we have to declare bankruptcy.
파산 신고를 해야겠군요.

i guess some consumers would come to prefer products from cloned animals , given leaner and larger cuts of meat.
저는 몇몇 소비자들이 기름이 적고 살코기가 더 많기 때문에 복제된 동물에서 나온 생산품들을 좋아할 거라고 생각합니다.

i believe he had some type of anxiety disorder.
난 그가 어떤 불안장애를 가지고 있다고 믿는다.

i believe this birth control pill almost killed her.
나는 이 피임약이 거의 그녀를 죽게했다고 믿는다.

i believe mortal lives are such a small part of eternity.
나는 필멸의 삶이 영생의 아주 작은 부분이라고 믿는다.

i definitely saw the paste. i will try to find the paste.
풀을 분명히 봤는데. 내가 한번 찾아 볼게.

i swear i never skipped classes when i was in college.
맹세코 대학 다닐 때 수업 땡땡이친 적 없었어요.

i bet dollars to doughnuts that she is telling the truth.
그녀는 절대 사실을 말한다.

i caught the sound of this sentence.
나는 이 문장의 의미를 대충 파악했다.

i caught him speaking ill of me.
그가 나의 험담을 하고 있는 것을 목격했다.

i returned a bow when she smiled at me.
그녀가 나에게 미소를 짓자 나는 답례했다.

i throw you on your own resources.
네 멋대로 해라.

i throw up riding on a ship.
저는 배를 타면 토해요.

i told her what i thought and got a mouthful of abuse for my pains !.
나는 그녀에게 내 생각을 말했다가 그 대가로 실컷 욕만 얻어먹었어 !.

i left high school in mid-course.
나는 고등학교를 중퇴했다.

i stepped towards the door , and in that very same instant , the doorbell rang.
문으로 걸음을 옮기는 순간 초인종이 울렸다.

i particularly liked the live music.
특히 라이브 음악이 좋았구요.

i managed to snatch an hour's sleep.
나는 간신히 한 시간쯤 잠을 잤다.

i hate cold weather. even with gloves , my fingers get numb.
추위는 딱 질색이야. 장갑을 껴도 손가락이 마비된다니까.

i hate to think that i might be wasting my time.
시간을 낭비하고 있다는 생각을 하기는 싫거든.

i hate to see him assuming an air of importance.
나는 그가 으스대는 꼴이 눈꼴틀린다.

i hate people who use their cellular phones in an abusive manner.
난 휴대폰을 남용하는 사람들이 싫어.

i hate that word ; it has absolutely no meaning or connotation.
난 그 단어를 싫어한다. 그 단어는 아무 뜻이 없거나 함축된 것이 분명하다.

i really think some people ought to lighten up.
난 정말 몇몇 사람들이 인상 좀 펴야 한다고 생각해.

i really hope that you do not catch the dickens.
나는 당신이 꾸중 듣지 않기를 바랍니다.

i really appreciate you saying so !.
그렇게 말씀해 주시니 정말 감사합니다 !.

i expected him to steal , do dope and stuff like that , but i never thought he would kill someone.
난 그가 도둑질이나 마약등을 하는줄 알았지만 , 그가 사람을 죽일지는 전혀 생각치도 못했어.

i sincerely hope there is no problem.
아무 문제가 없기를 진심으로 바란다.

i play on the basketball team.
저는 농구부에서 활동하고 있습니다.

i became so drowsy after taking some cold medication.
감기약을 먹었더니 잠이 쏟아졌다.

i became interested in linguistic studies.
나는 언어 연구에 관심을 갖기 시작했다.

i worked hard to the manager's own satisfaction.
나는 매니저가 만족하도록 열심히 일했다.

i worked extra hours but they did not pay me overtime !.
근무시간 초과해서 일했는데 수당도 안줬어 !.

i enjoyed every minute of my stay in rome.
내가 로마에 머무르는 동안 순간순간이 즐거웠다.

i enjoyed my journey across antarctica.
남극 대륙 여행이 즐거웠다.

i miss your touch , your kiss , your smile.
당신의 손길과 당신의 입맞춤 그리고 당신의 미소가 그리워요.

i studied english under him for three years.
나는 그의 밑에서 영어를 3년간 배웠다.

i studied all night at the library.
나 도서관에서 밤샜어.

i flew on the space shuttle endeavor in 1992.
1992년에는 우주왕복선 인데버호를 타고 우주항해를 했습니다.

i suffered akathisia in 2004 following an attempted withdrawal from seroxat and diazepam , things became so bad that i was seriously contemplating suicide.
나는 2004년에 세로자트와 디아제팜의 복용을 중단하면서부터 정좌불능에 시달렸는데 , 나를 너무 힘들게 해서 진지하게 자살을 고려했었다.

i tried to present the totality of the experience.
전 제 경험의 총체를 보여주려고 노력했습니다.

i tried to dissuade my husband from giving up his job.
나는 직장을 그만두고 싶다는 남편을 만류했다.

i voted lib dem.
나는 자유민주당에 투표를 했다.

i certainly did not 'tiptoe' around the issue as mr. keane suggests.
우리는 그에게 방해가 되지 않도록 발끝으로 살금살금 돌아다녔다.

i wish i can live in a paradise.
낙원에서 살 수 있다면 좋겠어요.

i wish i could take a backpack trip to europe like her.
나도 그녀처럼 유럽으로 배낭여행갈 수 있으면 좋겠네요.

i wish i had an autograph of that living legend.
나는 그 유명인의 싸인이 있었으면 좋겠는데.

i wish you best of luck.
행운을 빌게.

i wish this flight would land.
이 비행기가 착륙하면 좋겠어.

i wish she would've at least give me a hint.
그녀가 최소한 나에게 힌트는 줄 수 있었을텐데.

i wish my husband were so thoughtful.
제 남편도 그렇게 사려 깊으면 좋겠네요.

i wish that stupid budgerigar would shut up !.
저 멍청한 잉꼬새 입 좀 다물었으면 좋겠네 !.

i doubt if the capitulation can be far away now.
지금 포기할수 있을지 의문이다.

i received free membership for myself and my husband.
저와 제 남편은 무료 회원권을 받았어요.

i wanted to go to culinary school for a while , but i never did.
한동안 요리 학원에 다니고 싶기도 했지만 한번도 실행에 옮긴 적은 없습니다.

i wanted to be a flight attendant when i was very young.
나는 아주 어렸을 때 여객기 승무원이 되는 게 꿈이었어.

i wanted to tell you about a great investment opportunity.
아주 좋은 투자 기회가 있어서 너한테 알려 주고싶었어.

i wanted to sock him in the face.
그의 면상에 주먹을 날리고 싶었다.

i wanted to disobey the boss's unreasonable order.
상사의 부당한 지시에 반항심이 들었다.

i brought some valuable advice away from the lecture.
강연회에서 값진 교훈을 얻었어.

i followed some mazy lanes and came to a wide view over flat fields.
나는 어떤 구불구불한 샛길을 따라가고 눈앞에 펼쳐진 평야를 만나게 되었다.

i ordered a glass of pineapple juice.
나는 파인애플 주스 한 잔을 주문했다.

i ordered in black-bean-sauce noodles for lunch.
점심으로 자장면을 시켜 먹었다.

i asked a favor of the librarian.
나는 사서에게 도움을 청했다.

i asked a fellow passenger if he knew how far away walden pond was.
나는 행인에게 walden 연못이 얼마 쯤 떨어져 있는지를 물었다.

i asked the conductor when the last bus usually starts.
나는 차장에게 막차가 보통 언제 출발하는지 물었다.

i asked my broker to sell all my stocks.
중개인에게 내 주식을 모두 팔라고 했다.

i asked her if she needed help , but she refused with a sharp retort.
내가 도와주겠다고 했지만 그녀는 톡 쏘며 거절했다.

i asked if he'd be able to summarize his findings.
나는 그에게 연구결과들을 요약해 줄 수 있겠느냐고 질문하였다.

i suppose it's from somebody in accounting.
아마 경리부 사람일꺼야.

i suppose pharmacies sell a lot of analgesics.
약국에서는 진통제를 많이 파는 것 같아요.

i turned my ankle and it hurts , what should i do ?.
발목을 삐어서 아픕니다. 어떡하죠 ?.

i turned over , suddenly came a big tornado.
갑자기 큰 폭풍우가 다가와서 나는 방향을 바꾸었다.

i entered the 10k run , an event in which i specialize.
나는 내 전문인 10 킬로 단거리 뛰기에 출전했다.

i raised a hue and cry.
나는 도둑이야 하고 고함쳤다.

i bought a car , and they gave me an air conditioner to boot.
내가 차를 샀더니 덤으로 그들은 에어컨을 줬다.

i bought a new car last month , so i am in queer street now.
지난달 새 차를 사서 지금 돈에 쪼들린다.

i bought the machine in 2005 , but the extended warranty expired in july this year.
2005년에 산 기계는 올해 7월에 보증이 만료된다.

i bought " gone with the wind " in a secondhand bookstore.
나는 " 바람과 함께 사라지다 " 를 헌책방에서 샀다.

i wrote the first draft of this story by talking at my computer.
나는 컴퓨터에 대고 말을 하면서 이 글의 초고를 썼다.

i learned the same story could be delivered in very different ways depending on the broadcaster's tone , speed , volume , and clearness.
난 같은 이야기라도 방송인의 목소리 톤 , 속도 , 크기 , 선명도에 따라 매우 다른 방법으로 전달될 수 있다는 것을 알게 되었다.

i learned the value of making time to show appreciation.
나는 시간을 내어 감사의 마음을 표시하는 것에 대한 소중함을 배웠다.

i learned to be presumptuous in my adviser days.
내가 자문을 하던 시기에 좀 뻔뻔해지는 것을 배웠다.

i learned that toilettraining dogs are easy , if it is young enough.
개가 충분히 어리다면 개에게 용변을 가리게 하는 것이 쉽다고 배웠어요.

i learned out what virus was attacking my hard ware.
나는 내 하드웨어를 공격하는 바이러스가 무엇인지 찾아냈다.

i paid scant attention to what she was saying.
나는 그녀가 하는 말에 거의 신경을 쓰지 않았다.

i promised tom to play badminton together tomorrow.
탐이랑 내일 같이 배드민턴 치기로 약속했어.

i started to feel a revulsion against their decadent lifestyle.
나는 그들의 퇴폐적인 생활방식이 역겨워지기 시작했다.

i started to prepare my brunch.
아침 겸 점심을 먹을 준비를 했다.

i started out in the chicago office.
시카고 지사에서 일을 시작했습니다.

i started complaining about how much smokers annoy me.
난 흡연자들 때문에 무척 짜증이 난다고 얘기하던 참이었다.

i started concentrating so hard on my vision that i lost sight. (robin green and mitchell burgess).
비전만 쫓다 보니 방향을 잃었다. (로빈 그린 , 성공명언).

i wonder what time the circus begins.
그 서커스가 몇시에 시작하나 모르겠네.

i wonder why he does not write me back.
그가 왜 나한테 답장을 안 하는지 모르겠네.

i wasted time and money on a pointless thing.
괜한 일에 시간과 돈을 허비했다.

i expressed my willingness to support the cause.
자진해서 그 운동을 지지하고 싶다는 의향을 표명했다.

i grew resentful of his lack of sensitivity.
나는 그의 무신경함에 화가 치밀었다.

i intend to visit australia this year.
나는 올해 호주를 방문할 계획이다.

i placed my firstborn child in an adoption home.
저는 첫 아이를 입양시설에 맡겼어요.

i sat on the rail in the fight.
싸움에서 난 어느 편에도 가담하지 않았다.

i drove home with my right arm on the steering wheel and my left arm hanging out the window , clearing snow from the windshield.
전 오른팔로는 운전대를 잡고 왼팔은 창 밖으로 내밀어 자동차 앞 유리에 쌓인 눈을 치워 가며 집으로 차를 몰았습니다.

i noticed the look of apprehension on her face.
나는 그녀의 얼굴에서 근심 어린 표정을 읽었다.

i especially , you know , with a title like lt ; xxx live nude girlsgt ;, i might not be carried in every comics shop.
특히 제목이 xxx live nude girls였기 때문에 어떤 만화방에서도 제 작품을 취급하려 들지 않았을 겁니다.

i detected a note of apprehension in her voice.
나는 그녀의 목소리에 불안감이 섞여 있음을 알아챘다.

i hit the sack real early.
나는 아주 일찍 잤어.

i hit my elbow against the window.
창문에 팔꿈치를 부딪쳤다.

i send my kids to yoga class.
저는 애들까지도 요가 수업에 보냅니다.

i threw out the baby with the bathwater by mistake.
난 실수로 중요한 것을 쓸데없는 것과 함께 버렸다.

i barely managed to restrain myself from hitting him.
나는 그를 한 대 치고 싶은 것을 간신히 억눌렀다.

i served on the very front where the armistice line was visible.
나는 휴전선이 내다보이는 최전방에서 복무했다.

i practice martial arts which engage the body , mind and spirit.
나는 육체와 두뇌 , 정신을 모두 쓰는 무술을 하고 있다.

i refuse to discuss the whys and wherefores of my decision.
내가 내린 결정의 이유에 대해 논의하는 것은 일체 사절한다.

i listened attentively so as not to miss a single word.
나는 한마디도 놓치지 않으려고 귀를 기울였다.

i realize that , but we had problems installing the new illustration software.
나도 알아요. 하지만 새로운 일러스트레이션 프로그램을 설치하는데 문제가 있었잖아요.

i realize that it's bumper to bumper out there during rush hour.
러시아워에 길이 막힌다는 건 알고 있어요.

i ended up finding better quality cheaper products at a large stationary store.
나는 결국 보다 좋은 품질의 더 값싼 제품을 대형 문구점에서 찾았다.

i cook ; that's a passion and that's how i relax.
저는 요리를 합니다. 요리는 열정이며 제가 휴식을 취하는 방식입니다.

i shall now move from the macro-economy to the micro-economy.
난 이제 거시경제에서 미시경제로 옮겨야 겠어.

i shall deal now with the legal minefield.
법률적 지뢰밭에 대해 거래할 것이다.

i shall certainly keep a beady eye on his behaviour.
내가 분명히 (두 눈을 반짝거리며) 그의 행동을 유심히 지켜볼 것이다.

i realized i was sitting on a volcano.
나는 내가 위험한 곳에 있던 것을 깨달았다.

i pressed the clay into shape.
나는 찰흙을 눌러서 납작하게 만들었다.

i leap up whenever i see a beautiful woman.
나는 아름다운 여자를 볼 때마다 가슴이 두근거린다.

i borrowed 2 dollars from a stranger in the face of the world.
체면을 불구하고 모르는 사람에게 2달러를 빌렸다.

i played the role of becky sharp , one of the most complex female characters in literature.
문학 상 가장 복잡한 여성인물 중 한 명이라고 할 수 있는 베키 사프 역을 맡았어요.

i spent some sleepless nights agonizing over the issue.
며칠 밤을 뜬눈으로 지새우며 그 문제를 고민했다.

i spent money like water. now i have to watch my budget.
돈을 물 쓰듯이 썼어. 이젠 돈 나가는 걸 잘 지켜봐야 해.

i spent hours in the warmth of the bathtub.
나는 욕조의 따뜻한 물 속에서 몇 시간을 보냈다.

i spend the day batting around the park.
나는 공원 주위를 어슬렁거리며 하루를 보냈다.

i spend every saturday playing baseball.
나는 매주 토요일을 야구로 보낸다.

i suffer from sciatica so it's hard for me to walk quickly.
전 좌골신경통이 있어서 빨리 걷기가 어렵습니다.

i suspect that rain is going to spoil our picnic.
내 생각엔 우리 소풍이 비 때문에 망칠것 같애.

i suspect him of duplicity.
그가 이심을 품고 있지 않은지 의심스럽다.

i appreciate your well wishes and ask that you please respect my privacy at this time , lohan said through a statement issued by her publicist.
" 여러분의 호의에 정말 감사하고 이 시기만큼은 제 사생활을 존중해 주었으면 해요 ," 라고 로한은 홍보 담당자에 의해 발행된 성명을 통해서 말했다.

i blush to own that i did it.
부끄럽습니다만 내가 했습니다.

i sang the chorus (part) of this song.
내가 이 노래의 코러스 부분을 불렀다.

i climbed up a tree and found a bird's nest yesterday.
어제는 나무 위에 올라 갔다가 새 둥지를 하나 발견했단다.

i stared at her in utter bewilderment.
나는 아주 착잡한 마음으로 그녀를 응시하였다.

i assure you that i am telling you the truth.
당신께 진실을 말하고 있다고 보장합니다.

i assure you that he is innocent.
저는 그의 결백을 보증합니다.

i assume that the government will ante up to that.
나는 정부가 그것을 위해 돈을 지불할 것으로 생각됩니다.

i anticipate picking up all the information while traveling.
여행 중에 여러 가지 견문을 얻게 되기를 고대하고 있다.

i chose this excerpt because i think it says a lot about the theme.
내가 이 부분을 발췌한 것은 그 주제에 관련하여 많은 것을 말해주고 있다고 생각하기 때문이다.

i separate my hair to the left.
나는 머리를 왼쪽으로 갈라요.

i joined an information network , but i am having trouble logging on.
정보 네트워크에 가입했는데 , 로그인이 잘 안되어서요.

i advise you to endorse this new perfume.
당신이 이 새 향수에 대해 추천하는게 좋겠어요.

i laughed so hard i nearly peed my pants.
난 너무 많이 웃어서 바지에 오줌 쌀 뻔 했었어.

i forgot to do my homework.
숙제 하는 것을 잊었다.

i ascribe this honor to all of you.
이 영광을 여러분께 돌리겠습니다.

i prefer a brand new car to a used one.
나는 중고차보다 새차를 더 선호한다.

i reflect on the past ten years of my life.
지난 10년을 가만히 되새겨 본다.

i knew you could not be so hopelessly geek-ridden for so long without suffering some really tragic consequences.
그렇게 머저리 같은 짓만 하더니 끝내 이런 비극적인 일을 겪는거야.

i rubbed my hands on the towel.
나는 손을 수건으로 잘 닦았다.

i informed my friends of my new address.
친구들에게 나의 새 주소를 알려주었다.

i recorded my friend's wedding with my camcorder.
캠코더로 친구 결혼식을 녹화했다.

i depend on you to be on time.
네가 정각에 올 거라고 믿는다.

i witnessed my father in an uncompromising situation.
나는 아버지가 곤란한 지경에 처했다는 걸 목격했다.

i reject essays full of scissors and paste.
나는 짜깁기한 에세이를 받지 않겠다.

i poured oil and vinegar from cruets onto my salad.
양념통의 식초와 기름을 샐러드에 끼얹었다.

i poured myself into the work.
나는 일에 몰두했다.

i lifted my visor to squeeze my nose.
나는 내 코를 풀기 위해 내 차광판을 들어올렸다.

i don' t think hugh' ll like this flowery wallpaper -- he' ll probably want something more masculine.
내 생각에는 휴가 이 꽃무늬 벽지를 좋아할 것 같지 않아. 그는 아마 좀 더 남성적인 걸 원할 거야.

i append mr. brown's letter herewith.
여기에 브라운씨의 편지를 첨부합니다.

i disagree with the last statement of it.
나는 그 중 마지막 문구에 동의하지 않는다.

i disagree with what you say.
나는 네 말에 동의하지 않는다.

i adjusted the lens until i brought the scene sharply into focus.
렌즈를 조정해서 정확히 초점을 맞췄다.

i succeeded digging out the information i needed from the classmate.
그 친구한테 필요한 정보를 얻어내는 데 성공했다.

i accidentally dropped trout his pants.
내가 실수로 그의 바지를 내렸지 뭐야.

i accidentally dialed the wrong number by mistake.
나는 실수로 다른 번호를 돌렸다.

i urge you to finish your schooling.
나는 네가 학교를 마칠 것을 권한다.

i firmly believe that you reap what you sow.
뿌린 대로 거둔다는 것이 나의 지론이다.

i swapped my bike for a guitar with a friend.
난 자전거를 친구 기타와 바꿨다.

i hooked up with sam lee and kirk thompson , senior biology students at university of delaware in the u.s. to engage in this debate.
저는 이 논쟁에 참여하기 위해서 미국 델라웨어 대학의 생물학과 4학년 학생인 샘 리와 커크 톰슨과 만났어요.

i alternate between joy and grief.
기쁨과 슬픔이 엇갈리는군요.

i nestled down in my bed.
나는 침대에 편안히 누웠다.

i cough up thick sputum.
진한 가래가 나옵니다.

i prized out of his secret.
난 그의 비밀을 알아냈다.

i dreamed that take a rest under the mantle of many flower.
나는 많은 꽃들에 둘러싸여 쉬는 것을 꿈꿨다.

i dreamed last night that i was on an ocean voyage.
어젯밤 내가 바다 여행을 하는 꿈을 꾸었다.

i pretended i did not hear him calling me.
난 그가 부르는 소리를 못 들은 체했지.

i caution against use of the word civilisation.
나는 'civilisation'이라는 단어를 쓰지말라고 경고합니다.

i forbid you to go , period.
가면 안 돼 , 이상이다.

i admonished him that it was dangerous.
나는 그에게 위험하다고 경고했다.

i admire how well she speaks english.
그녀가 영어를 얼마나 잘하는지 나는 존경스럽다.

i detest warm milk -- it makes me feel sick.
나는 따뜻한 우유를 몹시 싫어한다. 마시면 토할 것 같기 때문이다.

i mailed the parcel at the end of last month.
소포를 지난달 말에 부쳤어요.

i cant see anything because of being in a daze.
나는 눈이 부셔서 어떤 것도 볼 수 없다.

i sweated blood to get the work finished.
나는 그 일을 마치려고 정말 애를 썼다.

i bruised my leg falling from the stairs.
계단에서 떨어지면서 타박상을 입었습니다.

i exchanged the skirt for a larger one.
치마를 더 큰 것으로 교환했다.

i loosen the speed of the carriage by giving the bridle to horses.
말들의 고삐를 늦추는 것으로 마차의 속도를 늦추었다.

i brainstorm my ideas after i decide on a theme for a song.
저는 곡에 대한 주제를 결정한 후에 갑자기 떠오르는 제 생각들을 정리해요.

i flatter myself that i am the best swimmer in the school.
자랑이 아니지만 학교에서는 내가 수영을 제일 잘 한다고 자부한다.

i crept out of bed in the dead of night and sneaked downstairs.
나는 모두가 잠든 한밤중에 침대에서 기어 나와 아래층으로 살금살금 내려갔다.

i spilt my milk on the rug.
양탄자에 우유를 흘렸습니다.

i beg a thousand pardons for not keeping my appointment with you this morning.
오늘 아침 만날 약속을 위약하여 뭐라 사과 말씀을 드려야 할지 모르겠습니다.

i beg that you will tell the truth.
부디 진실을 말씀해 주십시오.

i bethought myself how foolish i had been.
나는 내가 얼마나 어리석었던가를 생각했다.

i belch.
트림을 합니다.

i comb my hair to the left.
나는 머리를 왼쪽으로 빗어요.

i recognise the timbre of her voice.
나는 그녀의 목소리의 음색을 알아본다.

i confess that i did not.
난 그것을 하지않았다고 자백했어.

i learnt that the house had formerly been an inn.
나는 그 집이 전에는 여관이었던 것을 알게 되었다.

i learnt these songs at my mother's knee.
나는 이 노래들을 아주 어릴 적에 배웠다.

i concede your point , but that does not (necessarily) disprove my argument.
그 점은 인정해요. 그렇다고 내 주장이 틀렸다는 건 아니에요.

i embezzled money in collusion with her.
나는 그녀와 짜고 공금을 횡령했다.

i volunteered at the emergency room at the medical center.
병원 응급실에서 자원 봉사했어.

i skipped meals before i shot sad scenes because it helped me express my sorrowful emotions better.
슬픈 장면을 촬영하기 전에는 식사도 걸렀어요. 그렇게 해야 슬픈 감정을 더 잘 표현할 수 있거든요.

i timed my holiday to tie in with my children's school holiday.
나는 휴가를 애들 방학과 일치하도록 시간을 짰다.

i jog about 1 mile or so.
약 1마일 정도 조깅을 합니다.

i garnished the dish with parsley before serving.
파슬리를 곁들여서 음식을 내놓았다.

i presume they are not coming , since they have not replied to the invitation.
내가 추측하기에 , 초대에 답을 하지 않은 걸로 보아 그들은 오지 않을 것이다.

i agree. it's a nice design , and much easier to navigate than it used to be.
그래. 디자인도 좋고 전보다 검색하기도 쉬워.

i haven' t seen them since that memorable evening when the boat capsized.
배가 뒤집힌 잊을 수 없는 그날 저녁 이후로 나는 그들을 보지 못했다.

i dreamt i ate a steak.
나는 내가 스테이크를 먹는 꿈을 꾸었어.

i would've bet the dow jones nothing compared to our fun.
우리가 함께 보낸 시간이 비할 데 없이 즐거웠다는 건 확실해.

i dont know the answers to these questions.
이런 질문들에 대한 정답이 무엇인지는 모른다.

i hustled over to my friend's place.
나는 친구집으로 서둘러 갔다.

i yearn for an honest genuine peace and a brighter future.
나는 진실성있는 진정한 평화와 밝은 미래를 갈망한다.

i peddled watches out of my home.
저는 집에서 시계를 팔았습니다.

i sickened at the mere sight of the lice.
나는 이를 보기만 했는데도 메스꺼워졌다.

i misplace my belongings frequently.
나는 물건을 자주 잃어버리는 편이다.

i miscarried baby boy in my six month.
나는 6개월 된 사내아이를 유산했습니다.

i neeed a roller ball pen.
볼펜이 하나 필요해.

i text-messaged him to say we were waiting in the pub.
우리가 퍼브에서 기다리고 있다는 말을 하려고 내가 그에게 문자를 보냈다.

i plunked down the bill at the restaurant.
나는 음식점에서 돈을 지불했다.

i snagged and tore my sleeve on a nail.
소매가 못에 걸려 찢겼다.

i ^have no rival in mathematics.
수학은 나를 따라올 사람이 없다.

do i have to buy a motorcycle or not ?.
오토바이를 사야 하나 , 말아야 하나 ?.

do i have to say sorry zillion times ?.
도대체 몇 번이나 미안하다는 말을 해야 되는 거야 ?.

do i have chance to go to the realm of god ?.
하나님의 나라에 갈 수 있는 기회가 있을까요 ?.

do i need to reconfirm my reservation ?.
예약을 재확인해야 되나요 ?.

do not come in. i am getting undressed.
들어오지 마. 나 지금 옷 벗고 있는 중이야.

do not you have that information for the report collected yet ?.
그 보고서에 필요한 정보 수집이 아직 다 안됐나요 ?.

do not you have any gifts or valuable articles ?.
선물용 상품이나 값나가는 물건 없습니까 ?.

do not you think thirty million won will be sufficient ?.
3천만 원이면 충분치 않나요 ?.

do not you feel ashamed of yourself after playing the corker ?.
그렇게 꼴사나운 짓을 한 다음에 너 창피하지 않니 ?.

do not you know it's rude to whisper ?.
귓속말을 하는 것은 예의 없는 짓이란 걸 모르니 ?.

do not be so horrid to your brother.
네 동생한테 그렇게 못되게 굴지 마.

do not be so miserly on the congrats.
칭찬에 인색하지 마라.

do not be so nosy ? it's none of your business.
그렇게 꼬치꼬치 캐묻지 마. 너하곤 상관없는 일이야.

do not be lazy and put up the hare.
게으름 그만 피우고 뭔가 일을 시작해라.

do not be such a booby !.
그렇게 멍청하게 굴지 마 !.

do not be such a tease ! tell tell.
그렇게 놀리지말고 말해 ! 말해 !.

do not be such a spoilsport !.
흥을 깨지 마라 !.

do not be such a spoilsport !.
그렇게 흥 좀 깨지 마 !.

do not be shy about telling me what you want.
수줍어하지 말고 갖고 싶은 것이 있으면 말해라.

do not be afraid to be creative.
창조를 두려워하지 마십시오.

do not be late. or do not be tardy.
지각하지 마라.

do not be sarcastic ! it's given from the heart !.
빈정대지 마 ! 진심이란 말이야 !.

do not be sarcastic ! it's given from the heart !.
" 빈정댈 필요는 없잖아. " 그녀가 말했다.

do not be deceived by the simple cover of this novel.
이 소설책의 간단한 표지를 보고 속지 마라.

do not be snappish.
너무 딱딱거리지 마라.

do not swim too far out. stay near the shore.
너무 멀리까지 헤엄쳐 나가지 마 , 해안 근처에 있어.

do not they have a reliable system of toxic waste disposal ?.
그들은 믿을 만한 유독성 폐기물 처리장치를 갖추고 있지 않은가요 ?.

do not think of anyone to be a fart in a whirlwind.
아무도 보잘 것 없는 사람으로 보지 마라.

do not think of yourself as indispensable or infallible.
자신을 없어서는 안될 존재라거나 절대 실수하지 않는 존재라고 생각하지 마라.

do not listen to her advice because she's talking like a demented person.
그 여자는 미친 사람처럼 말하고 있으니 하는 말 귀담아듣지 마라.

do not make up stories. he told me another story.
이야기 꾸며내지 마. 그 사람 얘기는 다르던데.

do not make an assertion before you experience.
네가 경험하기 전 단언하지 마라.

do not make hay of my work.
내 일을 뒤죽박죽으로 만들지 마라.

do not give up ! or stick with it ! or do not abandon ship yet.
포기하지 마 !.

do not give way to despair though things went against you.
역경 속에서도 절망에 빠지지 마라.

do not let a mere foot or two of snow hold you back.
고작 1 , 2 피트의 눈으로 지체되는 일이 없도록 하세요.

do not let your children out of your sight anytime.
아이들을 항상 눈 밖에 나가지 못하도록 해라.

do not let your child skate on the street.
아이가 거리에서 스케이트보드를 타지 않게 하세요.

do not let your talent lie idle.
너의 재주를 놀려 두지 말아라.

do not let it out. or keep it to yourself.
비밀이 나가지 않도록 해라.

do not let him persuade you ? stand your ground.
그에게 설득당하지 마. 입장을 견지하라구.

do not let into someone when you do not have sufficient reasons.
충분한 근거가 없을 때 남을 공격하지 마라.

do not say that. i hate ghosts. they scare me.
그런 말 하지 마. 난 유령 싫어. 무섭단 말야.

do not talk to your boss like that.
상사에게 그런 식으로 말하지 마세요.

do not talk about the skeleton in the cupboard.
집안 비밀에 대해 이야기하지 마라.

do not talk such drivel.
헛소리 집어치워 !.

do not leave your room in a huddle and clean it up.
방을 어지럽히지 말고 청소해라.

do not leave us in suspense.
우릴 긴장감 속에 놓이게 하지 마세요.

do not drive so doggone fast.
빌어먹을 그렇게 빨리 달리지 말아.

do not interrupt while i am concentrating on my thesis.
논문 쓰느라고 집중하고 있는데 방해하지 마세요.

do not try to walk a high wire.
위험한 일을 하려고 하지 마라.

do not try to restrain my actions.
나를 구속하려 들지 마세요.

do not try to shut me out of your heart.
내게 마음을 열어 봐.

do not try to bend him to your will.
네 뜻대로 그를 다루지 마라.

do not try to handle the problem by yourself.
혼자서 문제를 처리하려고 하지 마.

do not try to bullshit me !.
허튼수작 부리지 마 !.

do not try to bullshit me !.
나한테 허튼소리할 생각하지 마 !.

do not run a bluff on me , you idiot !.
내 앞에서 허세 부리지 마 , 멍청아 !.

do not cast aspersions on his character.
그의 성격에 대해 비난하지 마라.

do not hold an intervention on the spur of the moment.
순간적 충동으로 중재하려 하지 말라.

do not put my patience to the test.
내 인내심을 시험하지 마세요.

do not put too much confidence in what the newspaper says.
신문 기사를 너무 믿지 마세요.

do not put yourself on the line for something so trifle.
사소한 일에 목숨 걸지 마라.

do not put lean buffalo meat in the flame.
버팔로 고기를 불길 속에 직접 넣지 마라.

do not cry at such a trifle.
그따위 일로 울지 마라.

do not cry ! the shame of it !.
울지마 ! 창피하게시리 !.

do not stand there like a bump on a log. help me giving a spread.
거기서 멍청하게 서 있지 말고 내가 연회를 여는 것을 도와줘.

do not just wander around for no reason.
쓸데없이 나돌아 다니지 마라.

do not just sling your clothes on the floor.
옷을 바닥에 그냥 내던져 놓지 마.

do not even think about riding on his coat-tails.
그 사람한테서 떡고물 떨어질까 바라지도 마.

do not even try to weasel out of your responsibilities at home.
집안에서 당신이 할 일을 회피할 생각 하지도 말아요.

do not trouble yourself about the matter that is not your concern.
당신과는 상관없는 일이니 개의치 마시오.

do not bring dishonor to your father's name.
아버지의 이름을 욕되지 않게 해라.

do not ever say that word again.
다시는 그런 말 하지 말아요.

do not laugh ! i will not tell you if you keep laughing.
웃지 마세요 ! 자꾸 웃으면 말 안 해요.

do not toy with the cat's tail !.
고양이 꼬리를 가지고 장난치지 마라.

do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
떡 줄 사람은 생각지도 않는데 김칫국부터 마신다.

do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
김칫국부터 마시지 마라.

do not count your chickens before they hatch !.
김칫국부터 마셔서는 안 된다.

do not count on him. he's a real flake.
그 사람 믿지 마세요. 아주 실없는 사람이에요.

do not stare at me like that. you are embarrassing me.
그렇게 빤히 쳐다보지 마. 민망하잖아.

do not waste precious time talking to him. he's not worth it.
아까운 시간을 그와 이야기하는 데 허비하지 마라. 그는 그럴 가치가 없다.

do not pass the buck to me.
나한테 책임을 전가하지 마세요.

do not store in a paper bag.
그것을 종이봉투에 보관하지 말아라.

do not behave like a hog.
되는대로 행동하지 마라.

do not attach alarm decals to your car windows because they only tell thieves which alarm you have installed.
차 창문에 경보 회사 도안이 새겨져 있는 스티커를 부착하지 마세요 , 왜냐하면 그것은 도둑에게 어떤 경보기가 설치되었는지 알려 주는 것밖에 되지 않거 든요.

do not blame young people but their parents who raised them for supposedly profligate habits.
씀씀이가 헤픈 것에 대해 젊은이들을 탓하지 말고 그렇게 길러낸 부모들을 탓하라.

do not withdraw your money from your savings account.
당신의 저축 예금 구좌로부터 돈을 인출하지 못한다.

do not sail on the port tack , we are on a wrong way.
바람을 좌현으로 받지 마 , 지금 길을 잘못 가고 있어.

do not bang the musical instrument about.
악기를 거칠게 다루지 마라.

do not associate with bad and dishonest boys.
나쁘고 정직하지 못한 아이들과 사귀지 말아라.

do not confuse natural foods with organic foods.
유기농 식품과 자연산식품을 혼동하지 마라.

do not shoot the sitting pheasant.
약한 이를 괴롭히지마.

do not stir a step. or do not budge an inch.
한 걸음도 움직이지 마라.

do not stir , or the bananas will become mushy.
젓지 않으면 바나나가 곤죽이 될 것이다.

do not loiter on your way home.
귀가 도중 빈둥거리지 마라.

do not judge a mail by his appearance.
사람을 겉모습으로 판단하지 마라.

do not remove from double boiler.
이중 냄비에서 옮기지 마.

do not weep ; do not wax indignant. understand. (baruch spinoza).
눈물 흘리지 마라 , 화내지 마라. 이해하라. (바뤼흐 스피노자 , 행복명언).

do not twist or use your joints forcefully.
당신의 관절을 비틀거나 무리하게 사용하지 마세요.

do not forget you will have an opportunity to ride a horse-drawn coach this afternoon , as well.
또한 오늘 오후에는 마차를 타실 기회가 있다는 것도 잊지 마십시오.

do not forget to sign your name.
잊지 마시고 서명해 주시오.

do not forget to capitalize the first letter of an english sentence.
영문 첫 글자는 대문자로 써야 한다는 것 잊지마.

do not punish your child for being honest.
당신 아이를 정직하다고 벌하지 마시오.

do not skirt around this matter.
이 문제를 회피하지 마라.

do not delude yourself into believing that he will relent.
그의 마음이 누그러질 거라고 스스로를 속이지 마라.

do not curl my hair too much , please.
머리 너무 곱슬거리게 말지는 마세요.

do not lam into a person if he or she does not do something wrong to you.
사람들이 너에게 잘못한 것이 없다면 그들을 치지 마라.

do not worry. after you get a shot of novocain you will not feel a thing. it will be over before you know it.
걱정하지 마세요. 마취 주사를 맞은 후에는 아무런 감각이 없을 테니까요. 자신도 모르는 사이에 끝날 거예요.

do not rung up , it's just a flash of lightning.
놀라지 마 , 이건 그저 번개일 뿐이야.

do not rung up , it's just a flash of lightning.
통신업계에서 성사된 거래로는 sbc 사가 220억 달러에att 사를 인수한 것과 버라이존 사가 67억 달러에 mci 사를 인수한 거래가 있습니다.

do not sass me !.
말대꾸하지 마라 !.

do not trample on other people's feelings like that.
그런 식으로 다른 사람의 감정을 깔아뭉개지 마라.

do not unwrap your present until your birthday.
네 생일 때까지 선물을 풀어 보지 마.

do you like a crossword puzzle ?.
넌 글자 맞추기 놀이를 좋아하니 ?.

do you mean i do not practice enough ?.
그럼 내가 충분히 연습을 하지 않았다는 의미인가요 ?.

do you get carsick ?.
너 차멀미 하니 ?.

do you live close to work , or do you commute ?.
댁이 회사에서 가까우세요 , 아니면 통근하세요 ?.

do you have a nonstop flight to new york ?.
뉴욕으로 가는 직항편이 있습니까 ?.

do you have any regrets about not pursuing your music career ?.
음악 일 그만둔 것에 대해서 후회는 없으세요 ?.

do you want the paintings hung either side of the fireplace so that they are symmetrical ?.
이 그림을 벽난로 양 쪽에 걸어서 대칭을 이루게 하고 싶으신가요 ?.

do you want to get things all crumb up ?.
일을 모두 엉망으로 만들고 싶은가 ?.

do you want to be a successful writer ?.
성공한 작가가 되고 싶으십니까 ?.

do you want to try sparring ?.
스파링 한번 할래요 ?.

do you want to split a piece of cake for desert ?.
후식으로 케이크 한 조각 나눠 먹을까 ?.

do you want to fill the cavities today ?.
오늘 충치 때우시겠어요 ?.

do you want to carpool to work ?.
출근할 때 카플 을 원합니까 ?.

do you want spanish peanuts or cocktail peanuts ?.
껍질 있는 땅콩으로 아니면 껍질이 없는 걸로 할까 ?.

do you think i could borrow your notes from wednesday ?.
수요일 것부터 노트 필기한 거 좀 빌릴 수 있을까 ?.

do you think he was humorous ?.
그가 유머러스 하다고 생각하는가 ?.

do you think the roads will be safe for traveling tomorrow ?.
내일 도로가 여행하기에 안전할까요 ?.

do you think you will be rid of the backlog before you retire ?.
너는 니가 은퇴하기 전에 밀린 일에서 해방될 수 있다고 생각하니 ?.

do you think you will feel at ease when you call it quits ?.
포기해 버리면 마음이 편할 거 같아요 ?.

do you think you can really chew the big horned cockroach ?.
정말로 뿔 달린 이 커다란 바퀴벌레를 씹을 수 있다고 생각하나요 ?.

do you think this paragraph is clear ?.
이 단락 이해 돼요 ?.

do you think it would be wise for society to criminalize smoking ?.
사회가 흡연을 법률로 금하는 것이 현명한 일이라고 생각하나요 ?.

do you think we will make dover by 12 ?.
우리가 12시까지 도버에 갈 수 있을까요 ?.

do you think we should consider hiring a housesitter ?.
집 봐 줄 사람을 구해야 할 것 같지 ?.

do you think nudity should be glorified , or vilified ?.
여러분은 나체가 칭송 받거나 비난 받아야 하는 것이라 생각하나요 ?.

do you mind waiting for a few minutes while i run over there ?.
갔다 오는 동안 몇 분 간만 기다려 줄래요 ?.

do you feel laden with cares ?.
걱정으로 마음이 무거우신가요 ?.

do you know a good car mechanic ?.
괜찮은 수리공을 알고 있나요 ?.

do you know the tall slim woman over there ?.
저쪽에 있는 키가 크고 날씬한 여자 아세요 ?.

do you know how to get to the " highland hotel "?.
하일랜드 호텔에 어떻게 가는지 아세요 ?.

do you know how bears survive through the winter ?.
곰이 어떻게 겨울을 견디는지 알고 있니 ?.

do you know about the new restaurant called the sizzler restaurant ?.
씨즐러 식당에 대해 알고 있어요 ?.

do you know that lady smiling at me ?.
날 보고 빙그레 웃고 있는 저 여자 알아 ?.

do you know why people rub their chins while they are absorbed in deep meditation ?.
사람들이 깊은 생각에 잠겼을 때 왜 턱을 만지는 지 아니 ?.

do you know for sure or is it only conjecture ?.
확실히 알고 있습니까 , 아니면 추측일 뿐입니까 ?.

do you know whether this is a singular noun or not ?.
이 단어가 단수형인지 아닌지 아세요 ?.

do you know pete ? he's hilarious.
너 피트 아니 ? 걔 정말 재미있어.

do you need an attorney's affidavit for this procedure ?.
이 일에 변호사의 증빙 서류가 필요한가요 ?.

do you use sugar in your coffee ?.
커피에 설탕을 넣습니까 ?.

do you still feel the urge to urinate immediately after you have urinated ?.
아직도 소변을 보자마자 또 오줌이 마려운 충동이 느껴지시나요 ?.

do you believe that chipper people are better protected from runny noses and congested coughs ?.
당신은 쾌활한 사람들이 콧물과 코감기로부터 더 잘 보호를 받는다고 생각하나 ?.

do you ever watch the x-files ?.
너 x-파일 본 적 있어 ?.

do you care for any particular type ?.
특별히 좋아하는 타입이 있습니까 ?.

do you care for any particular music ?.
특별히 좋아하는 음악이 있습니까 ?.

do you sell staples for this kind of stapler ?.
이런 호치키스에 맞는 알이 있습니까 ?.

do you wake up at night to urinate ?.
너는 소변을 보기위해 밤에 일어나니 ?.

do you lease only unfurnished apartments ?.
가구가 딸려있지 않은 아파트만 임대하십니까 ?.

do you recommend that my child receive psychological counseling ?.
내 아이가 정신과 상담을 받는것을 권하십니까 ?.

do you recommend massage therapy for sports injuries ?.
운동하다 다친 데 마사지 요법을 권장하십니까 ?.

do you subscribe to a newspaper ?.
신문을 정기 구독하시나요 ?.

do children no longer dream of wonderful places full of magic ?.
어린이들은 더 이상 신비가 가득 찬 놀라운 세계를 꿈꾸지 않는 것일까 ?.

do something outdoors , like biking or swimming.
자전거 타기나 수영같은 야외 활동 하기.

do we have to return any leftover per diem ?.
남은 출장비는 반납해야 하나요 ?.

do we need to order more oil yet ?.
오일 더 주문할 때 안 됐어요 ?.

do we really have to risk our neck to compete against primart ?.
우리가 프라이마트사와 경쟁하기 위해서 꼭 이런 모험을 해야 합니까 ?.

he is a very unfeeling person.
그는 찔러도 피 한 방울 안 나올 사람이다.

he is a man in congruence of his words and action.
그는 말과 행동이 일치하는 사람이다.

he is a man of the athletic type.
그는 투사형의 인간이다.

he is a man of very humble birth.
그는 지천한 집안에서 태어난 사람이다.

he is a man of great ability and numerous social connections.
그 사람은 정말 업무 능력도 뛰어나고 발도 아주 넓어요.

he is a man of active , not of passive , nature.
그는 활동적인 사람이지 , 수동적인 사람은 아니다.

he is a man of action.
그는 활동가이다.

he is a man of broad vision.
그는 고매한 식견을 가졌다.

he is a man with a cold liver.
그는 냉담한 남자다.

he is a man who sleeps early in the evening.
그는 초저녁잠이 많다.

he is a famous biography writer.
그 사람은 유명한 일기 작가이다.

he is a slave to convention. or he is fettered by tradition.
그는 인습에 사로잡혀 있다.

he is a power hitter with his drivers average over three hundred yards.
그는 드라이버샷 거리가 평균 300야드를 넘는 장타자다.

he is a real stud , so he can not go steady with anyone.
저렇게 잘 나가는 놈이 어느 누구하고 오래 가겠냐.

he is a real wheeler-dealer.
그는 정말 수완가이다.

he is a doctor in neurology.
그는 신경계 박사(의사)이다.

he is a candidate of my company.
그는 내 회사에 지원한 사람이다.

he is a safe spot for the hurdles.
허들에서는 그가 이길 것이 확실하다.

he is a specialist in a specific area.
그는 특정한 부분에 전문가이다.

he is a total tight ass.
그는 깐깐한 사람이야.

he is a tool of the party boss.
그는 당수의 앞잡이이다.

he is a painter , or rather , a watercolorist.
그는 화가라기보다 정확히는 수채화가이다.

he is a writer , screenwriter , director , actor , musician and producer.
그는 작가 , 영화 각본 작가 , 감독 , 배우 , 음악가인 동시에 제작자이다.

he is a hired assassin for a radical political group.
그는 한 급진적인 정치 집단에 고용된 살인청부업자다.

he is a competent actor , but he tickles the fancy to gallery.
그는 일류배우지만 대중들의 인기에 영합한다.

he is a chronic sufferer from neuralgia.
그는 고질인 신경통으로 시달리고 있다.

he is a poet and novelist.
그는 시인인 동시에 소설가이다.

he is a poet as well as a scholar.
그는 학자일 뿐만 아니라 시인이기도 하다.

he is a merchant who never comes out on the right side.
그는 절대로 손해를 보는 상인이 아니다.

he is a lanky man with absurd-looking sideburns.
그는 괴상한 구레나룻을 기른 비쩍 마른 남자다.

he is a queer shot but very creative.
그는 괴짜지만 창의적이다.

he is a terrific football player.
그는 대단한 축구선수다.

he is a terrific baseball player.
그는 야구를 굉장히 잘한다.

he is a martial arts expert.
그는 무술의 달인이다.

he is a slick salesman who beguiles unwary investors.
그는 부주의한 투자자들을 후리는 교활한 판매원이다.

he is a dumpy man.
그는 땅딸보다.

he is a sucker for freebies.
그는 공짜를 너무 밝힌다.

he is a troublemaker wherever he goes.
그는 가는 곳마다 사고를 치는 밉상이다.

he is a laggard in his work.
그 남자는 일에는 느림보이다.

he is a right-winger.
그는 우익이다.

he is a shyster.
그는 악덕 변호사다.

he is a thrall to his passions.
그는 감정대로 행동한다.

he is now in jail for stealing a car.
그는 차량 절도죄로 수감 중이다.

he is in a state of melancholy , and does not want to live.
그는 우울증에 빠져있어 살고싶어하지 않는다.

he is in a midway position.
그는 중도적인 입장에 서 있었다.

he is in the suite of the queen.
그는 여왕의 충실한 수행원이다.

he is in an advantageous position for the next presidential election.
그는 차기 대선에서 유리한 고지를 차지하고 있다.

he is in charge of the naval officers.
그는 해군 장교들을 책임지고 있다.

he is in constant trouble with the police.
그는 끊이지 않고 경찰서에 드나든다.

he is in disagreement with virtually all his colleagues.
그는 사실상 모든 동료들과 의견이 다르다.

he is in league with us.
그는 우리와 한통속이다.

he is not a natural conciliator like his predecessor , david morgan.
그는 그의 전임자와 같은 타고난 조정자가 아니야 , 데이빗 모건.

he is not a marker to you.
그는 너와 비교가 안 된다.

he is not so senseless as to do such a thing.
그는 그런 짓을 할 만큼 어리석지는 않다.

he is not to amount to a row of beans.
그는 별것 아니다.

he is not happy with the unfriendly treatment he gets from his coworkers.
그는 동료들이 불친절해서 기분이 좋지 않다.

he is not brave but timid as a hare.
그는 용감하지 않고 매우 소심하다.

he is not such a great scholar as you think.
그는 네가 생각하고 있는 것 같은 대학자가 아니다.

he is not particular about what he eats. or he is an omnivorous glutton.
그는 입이 걸어서 무엇이든 잘 먹는다.

he is usually a man of few words.
그는 항상 과묵하다.

he is at a loss how to convey his meaning.
그는 자기 생각을 어떻게 나타내야 좋을지 모르고 있다.

he is at the hospital to shrink heads.
그는 정신질환을 치료하러 병원에 있다.

he is the second oldest of five brothers.
그는 5형제 중 둘째이다.

he is the head of a prominent conglomerate.
그는 유명 재벌 기업의 총수다.

he is the person who began this policy of ethnic cleansing ; we are trying to put a stop to it.
그는 윤리적 청산의 정책을 시작했던 사람이다. 우리는 그것을 멈추려고 노력하고 있다.

he is the son of a concubine.
그는 첩의 소생이다.

he is the master of seducing women.
그는 여자 꼬시는 데는 선수다.

he is the express copy of his father.
그는 아버지를 쏙 뺐다.

he is the poorest student in the class.
반에서 성적이 가장 열등하다.

he is the anchorman on the television news program.
그는 텔레비전 뉴스 프로그램의 앵커다.

he is the founder and ceo of wolfram research.
그는 wolfram 리서치사의 창립자이자 사장이다.

he is the personification of tact.
그는 재치 덩어리다.

he is like a parasite who lives off others even at the age of 40.
그는 나이 마흔에 남에게 얹혀 사는 기생충 같은 존재다.

he is no fool , but just the opposite.
그가 바보라니 , 그 반대이다.

he is so poor that he does not even have two pennies to rub together.
그는 정말 가난했다.

he is so ignorant that he does not know his abc.
무식해서 가나다도 모른다.

he is often told that he is good-natured.
그는 사람 좋다는 소리를 많이 듣는다.

he is very smart to teach himself.
그는 독학을 할 만큼 매우 영리하다.

he is very possessive about his toys.
그는 장난감에 대해 소유욕이 매우 강하다.

he is very possessive about his toys.
" 그건 내 거야 !" 그녀가 강한 독점욕을 보이며 말했다.

he is late for a doctor's appointment.
그는 병원 예약 시간에 늦었다.

he is always there lurking , waiting to attack.
그는 공격할 때를 기다리며 거기에 항상 은신하고 있다.

he is always nosing about in my office.
그는 언제나 내 사무실에서 무언가 냄새를 맡아내려고 한다.

he is about 170 centimeters tall.
그는 신장이 170센티미터 가량 된다.

he is on a baseball team.
그는 야구 팀에 속해 있다.

he is being tormented by guilty consciences.
그는 양심의 가책으로 괴로워하고 있다.

he is being chased by creditors these days.
그는 요즘 채권자들의 빚 독촉에 시달리고 있다.

he is being schismatic against the christianised tradition and culture of britain.
그는 영국의 기독교 전통과 문화에 대해 종파분리주의적 태도를 갖고 있다.

he is looking at a dress.
그는 옷을 보고 있다.

he is more diligent than his brother.
그은 그의 동생보다 더 근면하다.

he is an old hand at handling a new conscript.
그는 신병을 다루는 데 손 익었다.

he is an enthusiastic admirer of chunwon.
그는 춘원에 심취해 있다.

he is an extreme hardhat.
그는 극단적인 보수반동자이다.

he is an honest , upright person.
그는 정직하고 청렴한 사람이다.

he is an ally of fagin.
그는 페이긴의 한 동료이다.

he is with a telegraph office.
그는 전신국에 근무한다.

he is by nature a silent man.
그는 본래 말이 없는 사람이다.

he is above me in rank.
그는 지위가 나보다 위다.

he is sure to be appointed. or his appointment is certain.
그가 임명되는 것은 확실하다.

he is breaking a twig branch of the tree standing in front of him.
그는 그 앞에 서있는 나무의 작은가지를 부러뜨리고 있다.

he is rather a vague person.
그는 태도가 애매한 사람이다.

he is clerk of the peace.
그는 치안 서기다.

he is spending his time chasing (after) other men's wives.
그는 다른 남자의 부인들의 꽁무니를 따라 다니며 지낸다.

he is helping to rebuild a school for disabled children in lesotho.
그는 레소토에 있는 장애 아동을 위한 학교를 다시 짓는 것을 도와주고 있어요.

he is helping us streamline costs by evaluating our efficiency.
그는 업무효율성을 평가함으로써 비용을 줄이는 데 도움을 줄 것입니다.

he is nothing but a legendary person.
그는 전설적 인물에 불과하다.

he is nothing if not critical.
그는 아주 비판적이다.

he is one of the most famous yet mysterious of recent times.
그는 최근에 신비에 쌓여있는 가장 유명한 사람 중 한 사람이다.

he is as slow as a snail.
그는 달팽이처럼 느릿느릿하다.

he is his own trumpeter.
그는 자만에 빠졌다.

he is without any physical defect.
오체가 멀쩡하다.

he is less diligent than his brother.
그는 동생만큼 부지런하지 못하다.

he is such a smooth talker.
그는 정말 말을 잘해.

he is such a sucker.
그는 콩을 팥이라고 해도 곧이들을 사람이다.

he is such a scumbag.
그 놈은 개차반이다.

he is such an awful miser.
그는 지독한 구두쇠다.

he is just pulling the noose around his own neck.
그 사람 자승자박하고 있는 거야.

he is just bustling around not to get things done.
그는 담방거리기만 했지 실지 해 놓은 일이 없다.

he is definitely superior to the others.
그는 남보다 단연 우수하다.

he is too meticulous in everything.
그는 무슨 일에나 너무 꼰질꼰질하다.

he is too thick-skinned to mind what others say.
그는 남이 무어라 하건 무신경하다.

he is really spineless for smiling even at such a horrible remark.
그런 심한 말을 듣고도 웃다니 그는 참 속도 없는 사람이다.

he is free from cares. or he is carefree.
그는 근심이 없다.

he is prompt to seize an opportunity.
그는 기회 포착이 빠르다.

he is training in the stationery store.
그는 문구점에서 교육을 받고 있다.

he is bold enough to shake his head.
그는 그의 머리를 흔들만큼 충분히 용감하다.

he is leading his discussion group.
그는 토론그룹을 이끌고 있다.

he is far beyond us in english.
영어 실력에서는 우리는 그에게 어림없다.

he is notorious for his theft.
그는 도둑질로 악명 높다.

he is struggling for success day and night.
그는 성공하기 위해 밤낮으로 분투하고 있다.

he is a(n) veteran at this sort of thing.
그는 이런 일에 있어서는 베테랑이다.

he is popular with all ranks of society.
그는 사회의 모든 사람들에게 인망이 있다.

he is laid up with tuberculosis.
그는 결핵으로 몸져누워 있다.

he is able to speak five different languages.
그는 5개 국어를 할 수 있다.

he is engaged in literary work.
그는 저술업에 종사하고 있다.

he is interested in a stock that is dividend on.
그는 배당금이 있는 주식에 관심 있다.

he is intent on his task.
그는 일에 여념이 없다.

he is (the) tops in this field.
그는 이 분야에서 천하제일이다.

he is bound to be a bit uncomfortable.
그는 약간 불안정하게 껑충 뛰었다.

he is standing up some jars of polish.
그가 광택제 몇 병을 세우고 있다.

he is aiming at the chairmanship.
그는 의장 자리를 노리고 있다.

he is reasonable in his demands.
그가 무리한 요구를 하는 것은 아니다.

he is unfit to occupy the position.
그는 그 직책을 갖기에는 부적당하다.

he is examining the digestive tracts.
그는 소화관들을 조사하고 있다.

he is wearing a very snazzy shirt.
그는 아주 멋진 셔츠를 입고 있다.

he is wearing a well-starched pair of pants.
그는 풀이 잘 먹은 바지를 입고 있다.

he is crazy about alcoholic drinks. or he is a tippler.
그 사람은 술을 바친다.

he is suffering from chronic constipation.
그는 만성 변비를 앓고 있다.

he is faced with sonny's drug addiction problem.
그는 소니의 약물 중독 문제에 직면했다.

he is revered as a national hero.
그는 국가적 영웅으로 받들어지고 있다.

he is reputed to be very generous.
그는 아주 도량이 넓다는 평판이다.

he is stirring the minestrone in the pot.
그는 남비에 미너스트로우니 스프를 휘젓고 있다.

he is handy with a tool.
그는 연장을 쓰는 데 솜씨가 있다.

he is hunted by the police.
그는 경찰에 쫓기고 있다.

he is answerable (to me) for his conduct.
그는 그의 행위에 책임을 져야 한다.

he is mapping the seaboard of the usa.
그는 미국의 해안지방 지도를 그리고 있다.

he is firmly determined to become a great scientist.
그는 큰 과학자가 되려고 마음먹고 있다.

he is consequently sent away to a remote lighthouse.
그는 결과적으로 멀리 떨어진 등대로 떠나버렸다.

he is alleged to have mistreated the prisoners.
그는 죄수들을 학대했다는 혐의를 받고 있다.

he is nauseated by the smell of meat cooking.
그는 고기를 조리하는 냄새에 구역질을 했다.

he is desirous to know the truth about the affair.
그는 사건의 진상을 알고 싶어한다.

he is prickly and vain , prone to mistrust.
그는 껄끄럽고 , 자만심이 강하고 쉽게 불신한다.

he is prone to do that kind of mistake.
그는 곧잘 그런 잘못을 저지른다.

he is preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success and power.
그는 제한 없는 성공과 권력의 환상에 팔려 있다.

he is urging more spending on refineries to compensate for what he called underinvestment during the last two decades.
그는 지난 20년 동안에 정유시설에 대한 저 투자를 보충하기 위해 좀더 많은 비용을 들여야 한다고 촉구했습니다.

he is urging governments to try harder in reporting abuse.
그는 각국 정부가 사례보고를 위해 더욱 협력해 줄 것을 당부했습니다.

he is aboveboard in all his dealings.
그는 모든 일에 바르다.

he is clever with the abacus.
그는 주판에 능숙하다.

he is striving hard after wealth.
그는 축재에 급급해 있다.

he is infamous for his dishonesty in business matters.
그는 사업 문제에 있어서 부정직한 것으로 악명이 높다.

he is impatient with those who decry the scheme.
야당 지도자는 여당 지도자의 신 사고를 되풀이하여 비난했다.

he is condescending to those he believes are under him , but not cruel.
그는 잔인할 정도는 아니지만 , 그보다 하위 수준이라고 생각하는 사람들에게 잘난 척 한다.

he is incompetent to manage the hotel.
그는 그 호텔을 경영할 능력이 없다.

he is proficient in both literary and martial arts.
그는 문무를 겸비하고 있다.

he is besotted with love.
그는 사랑에 열중해 있다.

he is well-informed in current prices.
그는 물계에 환하다.

he is upstairs in his bedroom fast asleep.
그는 이층 자기 침실에서 곤히 자고 있다.

he is semi illiterate and his greatest hope is to become a craftsman.
그는 반 문맹자이고 그리고 그의 소망은 장인이 되는것이다.

he is swathed in fur with only his face exposed.
그는 얼굴만 내놓은 채 몸은 털옷에 감싸여 있다.

he is clumsily trying to prepare food.
그는 서툰 손놀림으로 음식을 준비하고 있다.

he is progressing favorably after a serious operation.
그는 대수술을 받은 후 경과가 좋다.

he is masterful at handling horses.
그는 말을 능숙하게 다룬다.

he is well-versed in classical literature.
그는 고전을 두루 섭렵하고 있다.

he is obstinate.
그는 황소고집이다.

he is lifeless that is faultless.
결점 없는 사람은 사람이 아니다. (서양속담 , 인생속담).

he is (by) far the better scholar of the two.
둘 중에서 그가 학력이 훨씬 낫다.

he is scornful of honors.
그는 명예 따위는 경멸한다.

he , in conjunction with his friends , waved his magic wand.
그는 친구들과 협력하여 요술처럼 멋지게 문제를 해결했다.

he , in conjunction with his friends , solved the problem.
그는 친구들과 협력하여 그 문제를 해결했다.

he , who played long whist , was supposed to have been enamored of her.
롱 위스트라는 카드게임을 하던 그는 그녀를 사랑할 운명이었다.

he now has one month to present his cabinet to parliament for approval.
그는 그의 내각이 의회에 승인을 한달 앞둔 상태입니다.

he took a bloody vengeance on the murderer to the fingernails.
그는 살인자에게 잔인한 복수를 철저히 했다.

he took her hand with discreet gentility.
그가 그녀의 손을 신중하고 품위 있게 잡았다.

he usually got a blowing-up for his unskilled ability to work.
그는 일하는데 미숙해서 야단맞기 일쑤였다.

he would come to you with a leap.
그가 단번에 너에게 올 것이다.

he would never serve a pineapple pizza.
파인애플 피자는 절대 내놓지 않겠다는 겁니다.

he would rock 'em , sock 'em if he knew about your mistake.
그가 너희들의 잘못을 안다면 날뛸 것이다.

he does a lot of backbiting.
그는 늘 뒤에서 남의 욕을 한다.

he does a bundle on the woman.
그는 그 여자에 열중해있다.

he does not speak the lingo.
그는 그 말을 할 줄 모른다.

he does not have a very savory reputation.
그는 평판이 별로 좋지 않다.

he does not have any problem with homosexuality.
그는 동성애적 행위에 대한 어떠한 걱정도 없다.

he does not have quite the stature to be minister.
그는 장관 그릇이 아니다.

he does not seem to do his homework.
그는 아무래도 숙제를 안할 것 같다.

he does not really mean that ? he's just being deliberately provocative.
그가 그 말을 진심으로 한 건 아니었어. 그냥 일부러 부아를 돋우려고 그랬던 거야.

he does not lie by a long sight.
그는 절대 거짓말 안 한다.

he does not care much about personal hygiene.
그는 개인 위생에 대하여 별로 신경 쓰지 않는다.

he does not hesitate to violate the traffic regulations.
그는 교통 법규를 예사로 위반한다.

he does not brook any criticism of his friends.
그는 친구에 대한 비판을 허용하지 않는다.

he does not deserve to be a sportsman.
그는 운동선수가 될 자격이 없다.

he does not deserve to be told off.
그가 혼나야 될 이유가 없어요.

he does not scruple at doing wrong.
그는 거리낌 없이 나쁜 짓을 한다.

he often had cause_ to regret not completing his university studies.
그로 하여금 대학 중퇴를 후회하게 만드는 일들이 꽤 잦았다.

he often says 9/11 was a wakeup call to the world about the dangers we all face.
그는 종종 9/11테러사건이 우리 모두가 마주하는 위험에 관하여 세계에게 보내는 경고 신호라고 종종 말합니다.

he often tried to reflect their writing in his own.
그는 종종 자기자신을 그의 글의 반영한다.

he often brings me into derision , because he hates me.
그는 나를 싫어하기 때문에 종종 웃음거리로 만든다.

he often drinks himself into oblivion.
그는 자주 인사불성이 될 때까지 술을 마신다.

he plays the violin by ear.
그 앤 악보없이 바이올린을 연주해.

he plays on two of the greatest instruments created in any generation ; the davidoff stradivarius , dated 1712 , and a montagnana made in venice in 1733. ".
그는 세대를 뛰어넘는 최고의 악기 두 개로 연주한다 ; 그것은 1712년에 제작된 다비도프 스트라디바리우스와 1733년 베네치아에서 만들어진 몽타냐나다.

he will not allow you to show disrespect to the elderly.
네가 노인들에게 무례하게 구는 걸 그는 놔두지 않을걸.

he will be the victor in the death.
최후에는 그가 승자가 될 것이다.

he will be completely nonplussed by this.
이렇게 하면 그는 찍소리도 못할 것이다.

he will be sorely missed by a circle of personal friends.
그가 떠나면 친구들이 매우 아쉬워할 것이다.

he will have an opportunity to ventilate his concerns during the debate on friday.
그는 금요일 토론하는 동안 그의 걱정거리를 해결할 기회를 가질 것이다.

he will pick up the luggage himself.
그가 스스로 짐을 챙기실 거예요.

he will apprehend better by and by.
그는 차차 깨달을 것이다.

he always goes for subtlety and understatement in his movies.
그는 항상 자신의 영화에서 섬세함과 절제를 추구한다.

he always goes for subtlety and understatement in his movies.
" 이들 수치는 약간 실망스럽군요. " " 그거 참 대단히 절제된 표현이군요. ".

he always like to toot his own horn.
그는 허풍떨길 좋아해.

he always kept his students on a tight rein. or he always kept a tight rein on his students.
그는 언제나 학생들을 심하게 통제했다.

he always hung around with his friends and never studied.
그 분은 친구들과 어울려 다녔고 공부는 하지 않았다.

he always stays true to the craft of acting.
그는 항상 최선을 다해 연기를 합니다.

he always shrinks from doing what is difficult.
그는 항상 어려운 일을 하는 데에 꽁무니를 뺀다.

he always condescends to his colleagues.
그는 언제나 동료들에게 내려다보는 태도를 취한다.

he lived with his parents , father mouse and mother mouse.
그는 부모님인 아빠 쥐 , 엄마 쥐하고 함께 살았어요.

he lived and died a bachelor.
일생을 독신으로 지냈다.

he works at a company by day and moonlights as a bartender.
그는 낮에는 회사에서 일하고 , 밤에는 부업으로 바텐더를 하고 있다.

he works very hard most of the time.
그는 대체적으로 매우 열심히 일합니다.

he works as an air-traffic controller.
그 남자는 비행기 발착 담당원으로 일한다.

he works under mr. kim. or he plays second fiddle to mr. kim.
그는 김씨 밑에서 일하고 있다.

he can not stay quiet when he sees anything unjust.
그는 불의를 보면 참지 못한다.

he can not keep a secret. or he is talkative. or he has a loose tongue. or he is indiscreet in his speech.
그는 입이 가볍다.

he can well be said to be the greatest hero of the age.
그는 가위 당대의 영웅이다.

he can read in the java language.
그는 java언어를 판독할 수 있다.

he can tell it's a phony.
그는 그것이 가짜라는 것을 알 수 있다.

he can repair lots of machines since he was a grease once.
그는 한 때 기계공이었으므로 많은 기계들을 수리할 수 있다.

he thinks no small beer of himself because of his wealth.
그는 부자라 자신만만하다.

he thinks that keeping pets teaches us responsibility.
그는 애완 동물을 키우는 것이 우리에게 책임감을 가르쳐 준다고 생각한다.

he thinks it's time we did away with the monarchy.
그는 우리가 군주제를 그만둘 때라고 생각한다.

he thinks his mustache makes him look handsome.
그는 콧수염으로 자신이 멋져 보인다고 생각한다.

he finished the round one stroke under par at 71.
그는 1언더 파 71타로 그 라운드를 끝냈다.

he wants to show his respect to past masters.
그는 예전의 대가들에 대한 경의를 표하고 싶어 한다.

he got a headache and stomach ache after lifting an elbow.
그는 과음한 뒤에 두통과 복통이 있었다.

he got in employ as a door-to-door salesman with a double-glazing company.
그는 이중 유리 회사의 방문 판매사원으로 취직했다.

he got off his sickbed and was good as new.
그는 자리를 훌훌 털고 일어났다.

he got blind with money and took a bribe.
그는 돈에 눈이 멀어 뇌물을 받았다.

he got hurt on biscuits and cheese while playing basketball.
그는 농구를 하다가 양쪽 무릎을 다 다쳤다.

he got stuck into the booze after he flunked the test another time.
시험에 또 떨어지자 그는 술독에 빠졌다.

he got booted from school for bad behavior. (informal).
그 애는 행실이 나빠서 학교에서 쫓겨 났다.

he lost a cow from disease.
병으로 소를 죽였다.

he lost no time in pursuing the thief.
그는 뒤미처 도둑의 뒤를 좇았다.

he lost all his fortune at the gambling den.
그는 투전판에서 전 재산을 날렸다.

he lost his best comrade in combat.
그는 전투에서 그의 절친한 전우를 잃었다.

he lost his virginity when he was 18.
그는 18세 때 동정을 잃었다.

he watching custard and jelly every evening.
그는 매일 저녁 텔레비전을 본다.

he could do 110 pushups at a clip.
그는 단숨에 팔 굽혀 펴기를 110번이나 할 수 있었다.

he could not help but grieve bitterly over his comrades' wrongful deaths.
그는 동지들의 억울한 죽음에 통탄을 금할 수 없었다.

he could not get up because he was drunk as a broom.
그는 곤드레만드레 취하여 일어날 수 없었다.

he could not get up because he was full as a tick.
그는 몹시 취하여 일어날 수 없었다.

he could not recall his assailant's name.
그는 가해자의 이름을 기억해낼 수 없었다.

he could not comprehend how grant had ever been selected for this mission.
그는 그랜트가 어떻게 이 임무에 선발됐는지 이해할 수가 없었다.

he could have at least left a message for me.
최소한 나한테 메모는 남길 수 있었잖아.

he could punish the bad guys from strength.
그는 강한 위치에서 나쁜 놈들을 처벌할 수 있었다.

he could wriggle out of the difficulty.
그는 요리조리 곤경을 헤쳐 나갈 수 있었다.

he acted as if he was so benevolent.
그는 마치 자신이 상당히 자비로운 듯 행동했다.

he read a bible story to his three children.
그는 세 자녀에게 성서 이야기를 읽어주었다.

he read the letter again although already he could have recited its contents blindfold.
물 속에서 눈가리개를 하고 있는 것과 같다고나 할까요.아무것도 볼 수가 없으니까요.아무것도 안 보이는데 뭘 훔치겠어요. 님버스 시스템의 성공 비결은.

he read the letter again although already he could have recited its contents blindfold.
안개이다.

he read the phrase like the burden of a song.
그는 구절들을 되풀이해서 읽었다.

he read abstruse works in philosophy.
그는 깊이있는 철학 서적들을 읽었다.

he had a good understanding of life in the hood.
그는 거리의 풍속도를 훤히 알고 있었다.

he had a chance to confess and expiate his guilt.
그는 자기 죄를 고백하고 속죄할 기회가 있었다.

he had a ladder leading up to his attic.
그에게는 다락방에 올라갈 수 있는 사다리가 있었다.

he had a detailed knowledge of new york real estate.
그는 뉴욕의 부동산 실상을 속속들이 알고 있었다.

he had a compact and muscular body.
그는 몸이 다부지고 근육질이었다.

he had a hypothesis that the earth was an excellent electric conductor.
그는 지구가 훌륭한 전도체라는 가설을 가지고 있었다.

he had a stressful look on his face as she moved towards him.
그녀가 다가오자 그는 걱정스러운 얼굴을 보였다.

he had a twist in his tongue after he drank so much.
그는 술을 너무 많이 마시고 혀가 꼬부라지는 소리를 했다.

he had a marvelous palace under the sea that was made of gold.
그는 바다 아래있는 황금으로된 놀라운 대저택을 가지고있었다.

he had a distressed look on his face at the funeral.
그는 장례식에서 침통한 표정을 하고 있었다.

he had a sorrowful expression on his face.
그는 슬픈 표정을 짓고 있었다.

he had a self-satisfied smirk on his face.
그는 얼굴에 자기만족적인 웃음을 띠고 있었다.

he had the little girl in derision.
그는 그 작은 소녀를 우습게 봤다.

he had the thoughtlessness to go there in spite of his illness.
미욱하게도 그는 병중의 몸으로 거기에 갔다.

he had the grace to acknowledge my superiority.
나의 우위를 인정할 만큼 그는 아량이 있었다.

he had the presumption to criticize my work.
그는 무례하게도 내 작품을 비판했다.

he had the mumps when mother asked him to throw away the trash.
어머니가 그에게 쓰레기를 버리라고 하자 그는 뿌루퉁해졌다.

he had the magnanimity to forgive my rudeness.
그는 너그럽게도 나의 무례함을 용서해 주었다.

he had no hesitation in volunteering for the task.
그는 그 임무에 착 자원하였다.

he had to confront a critical decision.
그는 중대한 결정을 내려야만 했다.

he had to bow to the porcelain altar because he drank too much.
그는 너무 많이 마셨기 때문에 토했다.

he had to shorten his leave and return to his unit due to an emergency.
비상사태가 벌어져 그는 휴가 일정을 앞당겨 귀대했다.

he had an unquenchable thirst for life.
그는 삶에 대해 채울 수 없는 갈증을 지니고 있었다.

he had been dealt seven trumps.
그에게는 으뜸패가 7장 돌라졌다.

he had him in a headlock.
그가 그에게 헤드록을 걸었다.

he had his toes stabbed by a sickle while working in the rice field.
그는 논에서 일을 하다가 낫에 발가락을 찍혔다.

he had left home penniless , but he came back a millionaire.
그는 무일푼으로 집을 떠났으나 백만장자가 되어 돌아왔다.

he had noticed nothing untoward.
그는 무슨 별다른 것을 눈치 채지 못했었다.

he had served his apprenticeship as a plumber.
그는 배관공으로 견습 기간을 거쳤었다.

he decided that he would experiment and make a truly bizarre flavor of sherbet , using peanut butter , tofu and raspberries.
그는 땅콩 버터 , 두부 , 나무 딸기를 이용해서 아주 색다른 맛의 셔벗을 시험 개발해 내겠다고 마음먹었다.

he heard her screaming for help.
그는 구해달라는 그녀의 비명을 들었다.

he used a blue dye to color the curtains.
그는 푸른 물감으로 커튼을 물들였다.

he used the political-patronage tactic on the electorate in order to gain votes.
그는 표를 얻기 위해 유권자에게 선심 공세를 펼쳤다.

he used to get cs or ds !.
예전에는 c나 d를 받았었단 말야 !.

he used to be in the sun.
그는 고생 없이 지내왔었다.

he used to be very sociable , but he' s been an introvert since his wife' s death.
그는 매우 사교적이었는데 아내가 죽은 이후 내성적인 사람이 되었다.

he used to shine the brightest in the outfield.
그는 외야에서 가장 빛을 발하곤 했다.

he used to dismember his victims and tuck away the pieces under the floorboards of his house.
그는 자기에게 희생당한 사람들의 사지를 절단하고 그 팔 다리를 자기 집 마루 판자 밑에 숨겼다.

he used to dismember his victims and hide the pieces under the floorboards of his house.
그는 자기에게 희생당한 사람들의 사지를 절단하고 그 팔 다리를 자기 집 마루 판자 밑에 숨겼다.

he used up all the money he had inherited from his father.
그는 아버지의 유산을 다 까먹었다.

he was a very tough challenger.
그는 아주 강인한 도전자였다.

he was a great fisherman rather than an angler.
그는 낚시꾼이라기 보단 휼륭한 어부였다.

he was a man of stupendous stamina and energy.
꽃은 곤충이나 새 등을 위한 것이고 , 곤충과 새들은 쉽게 꽃가루를 모아 수술과 암술 사이로 그것을 옮길 수 있다.

he was a big man and he added to his menacing appearance by wearing a crimson coat , two swords at his waist , and bandoleers stuffed with numerous pistols and knives across his chest.
그는 몸집이 컸으며 시뻘건 코트를 입고 허리에는 두 개의 검을 차고 가슴에는 수많은 총알로 꽉 찬 탄약대와 칼을 두르고 있어 위협적인 모습을 더했어요.

he was a slave to his passions.
그는 욕망의 노예가 되어 있었다.

he was a superb communicator , an elegant writer.
그는 세련된 작가로서 훌륭한 전달자였다.

he was a disturbed child who needed mothering.
그는 보살핌이 필요한 , 정서가 불안한 아이였다.

he was a gentle , rather bovine man.
그는 점잖은 , 더 정확히 말하면 둔한 사람이었다.

he was a liberal arts major in college.
그는 대학에서 인문학을 전공했다.

he was a skillful and experienced advocate.
그는 능숙하고 노련한 변호사였다.

he was a determined person , enjoyed pleasurable experiences , and did not like changing his opinion or behavior.
그는 강직한 사람이었고 , 쾌락적인 경험을 즐겼고 , 그의 의견이나 행동을 바꾸기를 싫어했다.

he was a healthy son of adam.
그는 건강한 남자였다.

he was a personal friend who i much admired.
그는 내가 가장 존경했던 개인적인 친구였다.

he was a sharp tempered child.
그는 신경질적인 아이였다.

he was a colleague of mine at my old job.
그 사람은 내 옛날 직장에서 나와 같은 무렵에 근무했었다.

he was a nuisance to his family.
그는 가족에게 괴로운 존재였다.

he was a good-looking 29-year-old golf pro with dark hair and darker eyes.
그는 검은 머리에 그보다 더 짙은 눈동자를 가진 29세의 잘생긴 프로 골퍼였다.

he was a risk-taker.
그는 모험가였다.

he was in a tale with my imaginary friend.
그는 내 상상의 친구와 동일했다.

he was in a continual process of rewriting his material.
그는 집필 내용을 끊임없이 고쳐 쓰고 있는 중이었다.

he was in an overwrought state for weeks after the accident.
그는 그 사고가 난 후 몇 주 동안 지나치게 긴장된 상태로 지냈다.

he was in high spirit because his son went ta-ta.
그의 아들이 걸음마를 해서 그는 매우 기뻤다.

he was not a prepossessing sight.
그는 매력적인 모습은 아니었다.

he was not properly dressed for the occasion.
그의 옷차림은 그 자리에 어울리지 않았다.

he was the man who can confer a favor upon a person.
그는 남에게 호의를 베풀줄 아는 사람이 었다.

he was the main prop and stay of the family.
그 집안은 그에게 의지하여 살았다.

he was the last man held in connection with the scandal and was freed after two years in detention.
그는 이 스캔들에 연루된 마지막 사람이었으며 , 2년간의 구금끝에 석방되었습니다.

he was the first of the 17 key people indicted in the united states for the bombings to plead guilty.
그는 폭파 혐의로 미국에서 기소된 17명의 핵심 인물 중 가장 먼저 유죄를 인정했습니다.

he was the first one to propose the idea of a sun-centered universe.
그는 태양 중심의 우주(천동설) 개념을 도입한 최초의 사람이다.

he was the father of modern medicine.
그는 현대 의약의 창시자였다.

he was the hero in deed and not in name.
그는 명실공히 영웅이었다.

he was the eldest son of mary arden and john shakespeare.
그는 메리 아덴과 존 셰익스피어의 장남이었어요.

he was the ruler of this country , in name only.
그는 이 나라의 이름뿐인 통치자였다.

he was the derision of the class.
그는 학급으로부터 놀림을 받았다.

he was so happy that he beamed from ear to ear.
그는 입이 귀에 걸릴 정도로 기뻐했다.

he was so shabby-looking that at first i thought him a hobo.
그는 아주 초라한 모습이어서 처음에 나는 그를 부랑자로 생각했다.

he was very cautious about committing himself to anything.
그는 무슨 일에든 확약을 하는 데 매우 신중했다.

he was very respectful towards me , ending every sentence with sir.
그는 말끝마다 내게 선생님이라는 존칭을 붙였다.

he was very dejected when he broke up with his girlfriend.
그는 여자친구와 헤어졌을 때 매우 낙심했었다.

he was very rude. ain't it a shame ?.
그는 매우 무례했다. 너무 지나치지 않아요 ?.

he was once a member of the national assembly.
그는 한때 국회의원을 지냈다.

he was always there with a sympathetic ear.
그는 항상 기꺼이 남의 고민을 들어주었다.

he was my personal tutor at university.
그는 대학 재학 때 내 지도 교수였다.

he was something of an adventurer , living most of his life abroad.
그는 모험가다운 데가 있어서 생애의 대부분을 외국에서 살았다.

he was on the argo , in the caledonian hunt , as well as many others.
아르고 씨께서 메모를 구체적으로 남겨 달라고 하셨습니다.

he was working as a project manager for a compilation cd of 186 world anthems for the 1996 summer olympics.
그는 1996년 하계 올림픽을 위해 전 세계186개국 국가를 담은 컴필레이션cd를 제작하는 프로젝트의 책임자로 일하고 있었다.

he was absent from school today.
그는 오늘 학교에 결석했어요.

he was wrong over the left shoulder.
거꾸로 말하면 그가 틀렸다.

he was angry , but he had to laugh loudly.
화가 났지만 크게 웃어야만 했다.

he was done in mentally and physically with hard work.
그는 격무로 몸도 마음도 매우 지쳐 있었다.

he was done for mentally and physically with hard work.
그는 격무로 몸도 마음도 매우 지쳐 있었다.

he was found guilty of molesting a young girl.
그는 어린 소녀를 성추행한 혐의로 유죄 판결을 받았다.

he was full of prunes this morning.
오늘 아침 그는 활기차 보였다.

he was created a baronet in 1715.
그는 1715년에 준남작 작위를 수여받았다.

he was as cool as a cucumber.
그 친구 정말 침착했어.

he was little better than a beggar.
그는 거지라 해도 좋을 만했다.

he was little amused by the play.
그는 그 연극이 별로 재미없었다.

he was also a health fanatic and set great store on personal hygiene.
그는 광적이리만큼 건강에 신경을 써서 위생에 엄청난 비중을 두었다.

he was also a quick stenographer.
그는 또한 빠른 속기사였다.

he was also a cosmonaut.
그도 또한 러시아 우주 비행사였어요.

he was called up for duty last week.
그는 지난 주에 군에 소집되었다.

he was pleased with the result.
그 사람은 그 결과에 대해 기뻐했다.

he was adopted into a respectable family.
그는 지체 있는 집에 양자로 들어갔다.

he was delighted at heart , though he spoke to the contrary.
그는 반대로 말했지만 내심 기뻐했다.

he was loud in his demands.
그는 귀찮게 계속 요구했다.

he was shy , not having a girlfriend , and did not belong to any clique in high school.
그는 수줍어했고 여자친구가 없었으며 어떠한 또래 집단에도 속하지 않았다.

he was sitting in a corner , curled up.
그는 구석에 몸을 웅크리고 앉아 있었다.

he was sitting on the bed lacing up his shoes.
그는 침대에 앉아 신발 끈을 묶고 있었다.

he was just inches away from scoring.
그는 득점 기회를 아슬아슬하게 놓쳤다.

he was fond of writing about rural subjects with everyday speech.
그는 일상적인 말투로 전원적인 주제에 대해 쓰는 걸 좋아했다.

he was truly a stalwart knight.
그는 진정으로 충실한 기사였다.

he was caught by the police while on his fourth burglary (job).
그는 네 차례에 걸쳐 절도 행각을 벌이다 경찰에 잡혔다.

he was fated to be unhappy.
그는 불행하게 될 운명이었다.

he was left orphan at the age of five.
그는 5세 때에 고아가 되었다.

he was conscious of the plot.
그는 줄거리를 의식했다.

he was finally silenced by my argument.
그는 마침내 내 논봉에 말문이 막혔다.

he was innocent , but sent to jail in a miscarriage of justice.
그는 결백했으나 , 오심으로 인해 감옥에 보내졌다.

he was born into a(n) rich family.
그는 유복한 가정에서 태어났다.

he was taken to the police station on account of his suspicious behavior.
그는 거동이 수상해서 경찰서에 연행되었다.

he was taken up on a charge of complicity in the riot.
그는 폭동에 가담했다는 이유로 구속되었다.

he was filled with an overwhelming sense of pride.
그의 가슴은 자긍심으로 벅차올랐다.

he was single all his life.
그는 평생을 독신으로 지냈다.

he was tall , lean and muscular.
그는 키가 크고 마른데다가 근육질이었다.

he was asked the same question so many times that the answer became mechanical.
그는 같은 질문을 너무 많이 받아 기계적으로 답하게 되었다.

he was almost sucked into the whirlpool.
그는 소용돌이에 빨려 들어갈 뻔했다.

he was condemned for being a right-wing autocrat who ruled his country by brute force.
그는 자기 나라를 폭력으로 통치한 우익 독재자로 비난받았다.

he was fired without any particular reason.
그는 특별한 이유도 없이 해고되었다.

he was named an honorany ambassador for unicef.
그는 유니세프 홍보 대사로 위촉되었다.

he was officially commended for helping the firemen fight a fire. or he won official commendation for helping the firemen fight a fire.
그는 진화하는 데 협력한 공로로 표창을 받았다.

he was led away to jail in handcuffs.
경찰이 증거확보를 위해 그의 아파트를 수색하는 동안 , 그는 체포되어 , 유치장에 잡혀 수갑이 채워졌다.

he was actually born in the chips.
그는 태어나기는 엄청 부유한 집에서 태어났다.

he was placed on an ambulance stretcher.
그는 구급차 들것에 눕혀졌다.

he was placed under arrest upon suspicion.
그는 혐의를 받고 체포되었다.

he was completely taken aback by that.
그 사람은 그것에 기겁을 했다.

he was completely bewitched by her beauty.
그는 그녀의 미모에 완전히 넋이 빠졌다.

he was able to recognize the voice of a longtime friend.
그는 오랜 친구의 목소리를 알아 들을 수 있었다.

he was able to trace his ancestry back over 1000 years.
그는 자신의 가계를 1 000년 이상 추적할 수 있었다.

he was criticized for his opportunism.
그는 기회주의적인 태도로 비난을 받았다.

he was ousted from his post.
그는 그 지위에서 쫓겨났다.

he was deeply interested in anglo-saxon literature , celtic and teutonic myths.
그는 영국문학 , 켈트족과 게르만족 신화에 깊은 관심이 있었습니다.

he was deeply affected by his mother's death.
그는 그의 어머니의 죽음에 느낀 바가 컸다.

he was interested , and the two began working on it on nights and weekends in mr. bob's kitchen.
그는 관심을 보였고 두 사람은 저녁시간과 주말을 할애해 밥씨의 부엌에서 연구를 시작했다.

he was disappointed that his plan went bung.
그는 자신의 계획이 실패해서 실망했다.

he was involved in the building of the nation's parliamentary building.
그는 국회의사당을 짓는 데에 참여했다.

he was launched about 150 feet and landed uninjured in a net in border field state park in san diego with us border patrol agents and an ambulance waiting nearby.
그는 150피트 상공으로 쏘아 올려져 미국 국경 수비대와 응급구조대가 근처에서 대기하고 있는 가운데 샌디에고에 있는 보더 필드 스테이트 공원에 설치된 그물 위로 무사히 착륙했다.

he was afraid that they would burrow into his past.
그는 그들이 자신의 과거를 캘까 봐 두려웠다.

he was finding his glasses continuously under his arm.
그는 겨드랑이에 안경을 끼고 계속 찾고 있었다.

he was charged an additional seven hundred thousand won.
그는 70만 원을 추징당했다.

he was charged with being an accessory to murder.
그는 살인 방조 혐의로 기소되었다.

he was charged with possessing a shotgun without a licence.
그는 무면허 엽총 소지로 기소되었다.

he was charged with dereliction of duty.
그는 업무상 배임 혐의로 기소되었다.

he was charged with housebreaking.
그는 가택 침입죄로 고발당했다.

he was appointed the first lord of the admiralty again on september 3 , 1939.
그는 1939년 , 9월 3일 다시 해군대신으로 임명되었어요.

he was obligated to pay taxes on it.
그는 그것에 부과세까지 내야했다.

he was employed to undertake the responsibility of saving the company.
그는 회사를 구제할 책임을 지고 고용되었다.

he was holding an emerald ring , mounted with diamonds.
그는 다이아몬드가 박혀 있는 에메랄드 반지를 들고 있었다.

he was punished as he mopped some books up.
그는 책 몇 권을 훔쳤기 때문에 처벌받았다.

he was accused of obstructing justice.
그는 재판을 방해한 혐의를 받고 있다.

he was adept at the fine art of astonishing people.
그는 사람들을 경탄하게 하는 데 명수였다.

he was unsure of his success.
그는 그의 성공을 확신이 없다.

he was chosen to be on the first squad this season.
그는 이번 시즌에 1진으로 뽑혔다.

he was wearing a carnation in his buttonhole.
그는 양복 단추 구멍에 카네이션 한 송이를 꽂고 있었다.

he was wearing garish bermuda shorts and training shoes.
그는 화려한 버뮤다식 반바지를 입고 훈련용 신발을 신고 있었다.

he was given a severe tongue-lashing.
그는 심한 질책을 당했다.

he was elected by a small majority.
그는 근소한 차로 선출되었다.

he was elected president by common consent.
그는 만장일치로 의장으로 선출됐다.

he was arrested at the site of the sniping incident.
그는 저격 현장에서 체포되었다.

he was arrested on the suspicion of theft.
그는 절도 혐의로 잡혔다.

he was arrested by the police for his habitual use of illegal drugs.
그는 상습적으로 마약을 복용한 혐의로 경찰에 체포되었다.

he was arrested for protesting apartheid.
그는 인종격리정책에 항의한 혐의로 체포되었다.

he was beaten to death by a robber.
그는 강도에게 맞아 죽었다.

he was selling you a bargain.
그는 널 놀리고 있었다.

he was drowned in the intensity of her love.
그는 그녀의 강렬한 사랑에 압도되었다.

he was surprised when he heard about my promotion.
그는 내가 승진되었다는 것을 알고는 놀랐다.

he was surprised and embarrassed by what his ex-coworker had said.
전 직장 동료의 말을 듣고 그는 깜짝 놀라 당황했다.

he was receiving the condolences of his fellow workers.
그는 동료들로부터 위로의 말을 듣고 있었다.

he was educated at marlborough grammar school and brasenose college , oxford.
그는 옥스퍼드에 있는 마보로우 그래머 학교와 브래세노스 대학에서 교육을 받았습니다.

he was supposed to be back from camping four days ago.
그는 4일전에 캠핑에서 돌아왔어야 했다.

he was seized with a sudden rage.
그는 별안간 분노에 사로잡혔다.

he was sprawled across the bed.
그는 침대를 가로질러 엎드려 있었다.

he was constantly regaled with tales of woe.
그 선원은 자신의 모험 이야기로 밤새도록 우리를 흥겹게 해주었다.

he was constantly regaled with tales of woe.
그는 아내를 잃은 후 술로 시름을 달래고 있다.

he was aboard the soyuz tma-14 spacecraft , which took off into space from kazakhstan.
그는 카자흐스탄에서 출발하는 soyuz tma-14 우주선에 탑승했다.

he was archbishop of seoul from 1968 until 1998.
그는 1968년부터 1998년까지 서울 대주교였습니다.

he was apprenticed to him for five years.
그는 5년 동안 그의 견습생으로 일하였다.

he was branded as a lawbreaker.
그는 법을 안 지키는 사람으로 낙인 찍혔다.

he was counted the daisies in a railroad accident.
그는 철도 사고로 죽었다.

he was dragged into a secluded room.
그는 구석진 방으로 끌려 들어갔다.

he was woken by the sound of screaming.
그는 비명 소리에 잠이 깼다.

he was specially tutored by an expert.
그는 전문가로부터 특별 지도를 받았다.

he was ambushed by angry protesters during a walkabout in bolton.
영국에서는 , 특히나 볼튼 팀과 이곳 분위기를 직접 보고 나니까 (이곳이라면) 저의 축구에 대한 열정을 다시 되살릴 수 있겠구나 싶었죠.

he was grappling with an alligator in a lagoon.
악어는 석회석 안에 구멍을 만든다.

he was grappling with an alligator in a lagoon.
이러한 인공적인 작은 늪은 조수가 높아질 때 넘치고 그때 조수가 낮아지는 때에 물을 가둬놓는다.

he was denounced from pulpits the rest of his life.
그는 남은 생애 동안 종교계의 비난을 받았다.

he was hiding in the neck of the wood.
그는 가까운 곳에 숨었다.

he was charming and could butter up any female.
그는 매력이 있었고 어떤 여성에게도 아부할 수 있었다.

he was charming and hospitable , but did not seem tough enough.
그 사람은 매력적이고 친절했지만 그리 강인해 보이지는 않았다.

he was tormented by his doubts about life in his teen age.
그는 10대에 인생에 대한 회의에 시달렸다.

he was leaning against the pillar and watching his daughter.
그는 기둥에 기대어서 딸을 바라보고 있었다.

he was accredited with these views.
그가 이 의견을 제시한 것으로 되어 있었다.

he was happily married.
그의 결혼은 행복했다.

he was acquitted this year on appeal.
그는 항고에서 올해 무죄를 선고 받았다.

he was haunted by ghosts of the dead.
그는 죽은 사람의 환영에 시달렸다.

he was treading quietly and cautiously.
그는 조용히 조심스럽게 걷고 있었다.

he was blackmailed after he had a one-night stand with the bait in a badger game.
그는 미인계를 위한 미끼와 하룻 밤을 보낸 이후로 협박을 받았다.

he was mesmerized by her bewitching green eyes.
그는 그녀의 홀리는 듯한 초록색 눈에 녹았다.

he was beguiled by her beauty.
그는 그녀의 미모에 이끌렸다.

he was tucking into a huge plateful of pasta.
그는 접시에 엄청나게 많이 담긴 파스타를 열심히 먹고 있었다.

he was bundled out of the room with unceremonious haste.
그는 예의고 뭐고 없이 서둘러 그 방에서 쫓겨났다.

he was conscripted into the army in 1939.
그는 1939년에 육군에 징집되었다.

he was cruelly slashed to death.
그는 잔인하게 난도질당해 죽었다.

he was divested of the art director position.
그는 미술 감독직을 박탈당했다.

he was exasperated at the negligence of the officials.
그는 공무원의 태만을 노엽게 여겼다.

he was constrained in the prison.
그는 교도소에 수감되었다.

he was scolded in the presence of people.
그는 사람들 면전에서 책망당했다.

he was excommunicated from the church as a heretic.
그는 이단자로 몰려 교회에서 추방되었다.

he was chipping away at the stone.
그는 돌을 쪼고 있었다.

he was reprimanded by the president and was feeling down.
그는 사장에게 꾸중을 듣고 풀이 죽어 있었다.

he was unbending , and incapable of adapting to his surrounding culture.
그는 고집이 세서 주변 문화에 적응을 잘 못했다.

he was court-martialled for desertion.
그는 탈영으로 군법회의에 회부되었다.

he was humming to himself as he drove.
그는 운전을 하면서 콧노래를 흥얼거렸다.

he was humming out and home.
그는 갈 때나 올 때나 콧노래 불렀다.

he was hammering the sheet of copper flat.
그는 동판을 해머로 쳐서 펴고 있었다.

he was unhurt apart from a lump on his head.
그는 머리에 혹이 한 개 생긴 것 외에는 다친 데가 없었다.

he was ostracized by the other students.
그는 다른 학생들에게 배척당했다.

he was stupefied by the amount they had spent.
그는 그들이 소비한 액수에 깜짝 놀랐다.

he was clothed in radiant vestment.
그는 화려한 의복을 입고 있었다.

he was scouted by another company.
그 분은 다른 회사로 스카우트되어 가셨어요.

he was unrelenting in his search for the truth about his father.
그는 자기 아버지에 대한 진실을 밝히는 데 가차없었다.

he was unaccustomed to hard work.
그는 힘든 일에 익숙하지 않았다.

he was yanked out of school.
그는 학교에서 쫓겨났다.

he did not have the courage to refuse it at all.
그는 그것을 거절할 용기가 전혀 없었다.

he did not have the guts to buzz her.
그는 차마 용기가 안나서 그 여자한테 전화를 못했다.

he did not want to come back , but we had ronald reagan call him , and he agreed to come back.
그는 돌아오길 원하지 않았습니다. 하지만 로널드 레이건 당시 대통령의 부름을 받게 되었고 그는 돌아오는 데에 동의했던 거죠.

he did not seem to be a man easily suborned.
그는 쉽게 매수 될거 같지 않았다.

he did not tell anyone but his wife about his sickness.
그는 아내를 제외한 다른 사람 모두에게는 자신의 병을 숨겼다.

he did not say anything at the conference.
그는 회의에서 한 마디도 발언하지 않았다.

he did not keep the deadline , got on an editor's tits.
그는 마감일을 지키지 않아 편집자를 짜증나게 했다.

he did not sleep a wink last night.
그는 지난밤을 뜬눈으로 새웠다.

he did not fail the orphan in his need.
그는 곤경에 빠진 고아를 돌보았다.

he did not particularly enjoy it , although he was tremendously successful.
그는 기업가로서 굉장한 성공을 거두기는 했지만 , 특별히 그 일을 즐기지는 않았습니다.

he did not recognize the scrawny little kid walking up the dirt path to his cottage.
그는 야위고 조그만 그 아이가 오두막으로 오는 흙먼지 휘날리는 길을 걸어오는 것을 발견하지 못했다.

he did this until the dogs would automatically slobber when they heard the bell.
그는 그 개가 벨이 울릴때 자동적으로 침을 흘릴도록 계속해서 했다.

he did so out of revenge for his defeat.
참패에 대한 숙원을 풀려고 그는 그 일을 한 것이다.

he did it of his own accord.
그것은 그가 스스로 한 짓이다.

he did everything wrong ; it was a comedy of errors.
그는 제대로 하는 게 하나도 없었다. 실수 연발의 코미디였다.

he did his nana at an insult.
그는 모욕을 받고 매우 격노했다.

he did weight repetitions until he felt like his muscles would explode.
그는 근육이 터질 것 같을 때까지 역기를 들었다.

he saw the smoke from his bonfire rising up in a white column.
그는 그가 피워놓은 화톳불에서 하얀 연기 기둥이 오르는 것을 봤다.

he likes the traditional meat and two veg for his main meal.
그는 주된 식사로는 고기와 채소 두 가지로 된 전통 요리를 좋아한다.

he walked with a cane because he was blind.
그는 장님이었기 때문에 지팡이를 짚고 걸었다.

he walked down the long corridor.
그는 긴 복도를 걸어 내려갔다.

he walked strenuously , to the point of his calves being knotted up.
그는 종아리에 알이 배도록 기를 쓰고 걸었다.

he walked haltingly , as if unsure whether he should proceed or not.
그는 가야 할지 말아야 할지 잘 모르는지 머뭇거리며 걷고 있다.

he said he will publish his study on the fish in the american naturalist journal early next year.
그는 이 물고기에 대한 그의 연구를 다음 해 초에 간행물 " the american naturalist " 에 실을 거라고 말했어요.

he said he was not aware of the malfeasance until a tokyo correspondent for nature magazine called him in may 2004 to ask him about the matter.
그는 2004년 5월 nature 잡지의 토쿄 통신원이 이 문제에 대해서 그에게 질문을 해오고 나서야 비로소 불법행위였음을 알았다고 말했습니다.

he said he thought of designing the pager as a little drink coaster.
그는 호출기를 작은 컵받침 모양으로 디자인하면 어떨까 하는 생각을 하게 되었다고 말한다.

he said a few words in conclusion.
그는 최후로 한 마디 했다.

he said , " i laid out a doctrine , and it said : 'if you harbor a terrorist , you are equally as guilty as the terrorists.'.
그는 테러분자들을 비호할 경우 누구든 테러분자와 마찬가지 취급을 받게 될 것임을 밝혔다고 말합니다.

he said , " consider the lilies. ".
" 근심하지 마. " 라고 그가 말했다.

he said the military punishes those responsible for violation.
위법행위가 사실로 밝혀지면 관련자들은 처벌될 것이라고 말했습니다.

he said it would have a detrimental effect on children at a time when juvenile crime in japan has rocketed.
일본 내에서 청소년 범죄가 급증하고 있는 시기에 이 영화가 아이들에게 악영향을 끼칠 것이라고 그는 말했습니다.

he said it was an official , judicial command , not a religious decree.
그는 그것은 공식적이고 법률적인 명령이지 종교적 명령이 아니라고 말했다.

he said of men in buckram.
그는 가공의 인물에 대해 말했다.

he said that the decline in the company' s sales last month was just a temporary aberration.
그는 지난 달 회사의 판매 부진은 일시적 이상 현상이라고 말했다.

he said that the euro-scrounging would stop.
그녀가 이번에는 뭘 우려내려는 거지 ?.

he said that when an event causes another event this is transeunt causation , but when a person causes an event , by choosing to perform an action , this is immanent causation.
그는 한 가지 사건이 또 다른 사건을 야기할 때 이것은 덧없는 인과 관계이지만 , 한 사람이 행동을 하기로 선택함으로써 사건을 발생시키면 , 이것은 내재적 인 인과 관계입니다.

he gives his opinion very cautiously.
그는 자기 의견을 말하는 데 있어 매우 신중하다.

he sounds wacky and silly , but i never felt he was any real threat.
그는 익살스럽고 멍청한 소리를 내지. 그렇지만 , 나는 그가 어떠한 위협이라고는 절대 느끼지 못했어.

he cat crept silently through the grass.
고양이가 살금살금 잔디밭을 기어갔다.

he wore a strange cowboy get-up for work yesterday.
그는 어제 이상한 카우보이식 작업복을 입고 있었다.

he wore a worried look. or puzzlement showed on his face.
그는 난처한 표정을 지었다.

he found that he lucked out with his accidental meeting with his friend.
그는 친구와 우연히 만난게 된 것이 정말 행운이라고 생각했다.

he found rest when he returned home from the bustle of urban life.
도시 생활에 찌들었던 그는 고향에서 안식을 찾았다.

he found himself in a chaotic situation.
그는 자신이 혼돈된 상태에 있다는 것을 알았다.

he may be a personage in disguise.
그는 위장을 하고 있는 명사일지도 모른다.

he may have an aversion against getting together.
어쩌면 그는 동업하길 원하지 않을 수도 있어.

he may agree , but that is only a supposition on your part.
그가 동의할 지도 모르지. 하지만 그건 어디까지나 너의 추측일 뿐이야.

he may indeed not be clever , but he is sincere.
그는 정말 영리하지 않을지는 몰라도 성실하다.

he ate the leek to conquer.
그는 목적을 이루기 위해 굴욕을 참았다.

he ate so much that he had to loosen his belt.
그는 너무 많이 먹어서 허리끈을 풀어야 했다.

he came a mucker.
그는 크게 넘어졌다.

he came to seoul with great anticipation.
그는 큰 기대를 갖고서 서울에 왔다.

he came to sudden prominence in the entertainment world.
그는 연예계에 혜성처럼 등장했다.

he came to symbolize his country's struggle for independence.
그는 조국의 독립 투쟁을 상징하게 되었다.

he came up to me , oozing unctuous sympathy , hoping that i would buy him a drink.
그는 내게 다가와서 살살 녹이는 말투로 동정심을 짜내며 내가 그에게 술을 사 주기를 바랬다.

he came across land and marriage records written in the 1490s , which he says , proved that mona lisa existed.
1490년대에 작성된 토지 및 결혼 기록들을 발견한 그는 이것들이 모나리자가 실존 인물이었음을 증명한다고 말합니다.

he came upstairs , beat me for four hours and forced himself on me.
위층에 올라와서 4시간동안 나를 팬 후 강간했다.

he made a petition to his boss.
그는 그의 보스에게 탄원했다.

he made the comments in pyapon saturday during a tour of the country's southwestern ayeyawaddy division.
그는 남서부지역 피야퐁을 방문하는 중에 이와 같은 발언을 한것으로 알려졌습니다.

he made no pretence of great musical knowledge.
그는 전혀 대단한 음악적 지식이 있는 척하지 않았다.

he made me a humble apology for his misconduct.
그는 자기의 잘못을 나에게 빌었다.

he made great strides in english.
그는 영어에서 장족의 발전을 했어요.

he made himself scarce as he did not like the atmosphere.
그는 분위기를 좋아하지 않았기 때문에 살금살금 떠났다.

he made undue profits , taking advantage of his position as a public official.
그는 공무원이라는 직위를 이용해 부당이득을 취했다.

he believed the revenue would be used to conduct what he thought was an unjust war.
그는 세금이 자신이 부당하다고 생각하는 전쟁을 수행하는 데 사용될 거라고 믿었기 때문이지요.

he discovered saturn and its rings.
갈릴레오는 토성과 토성 고리를 발견했다.

he thought the players had to follow only what the conductor intended.
그는 선수들이 지도자가 의도하는 데로만 따라주어야 한다고 생각했다.

he thought of new york as a den of iniquity.
그는 뉴욕을 죄악의 소굴로 여겼다.

he thought archer daniels midland (adm) would really come out a winner.
그는 a.d.m이 진정한 승자라고 생각했다.

he sent her a note of congratulation on her election victory.
그는 그녀가 선거에서 승리를 거둔 것에 축하 메모를 보냈다.

he also read his father's books to expand his knowledge of metaphysics and theology.
그는 또한 형이상학과 신학의 견문을 넓히고자 그의 아버지의 책들을 읽었다.

he also used his presidential powers on tuesday to reinstate controversial election laws that the supreme court declared illegal last week.
화요일에 그는 또한 대통령 권한을 발동하여 지난 주 대법원이 불법으로 규정한 말썽많은 선거법을 다시 발효시켰습니다.

he also pledged to breathe new life and inject renewed confidence into the sometimes weary secretariat.
그는 또한 종종 힘이 빠진 사무국에 새로운 활력을 불어넣고 신뢰를 주입시키겠다고 다짐했다.

he also suggests rubbing the rash with fresh burdock leaf.
또한 그는 신선한 우엉 잎으로 발진을 문지르는 것도 권장합니다.

he also wrote the birthday party and the room plus 26 other plays as well as screenplays.
그는 또한 영화 각본을 비롯해 생일 파티 , 방 외 26개의 희곡을 썼습니다.

he also wrote down his own ideas and founded a school called the academy.
그는 자기 자신의 사상도 기록했고 아카데미로 불리는 학교도 세웠다.

he bird will eat the centipede.
새가 지네를 먹으려고 하네.

he called off his plan because he was afraid of the deuce to pay.
그는 결과가 안 좋을까 봐 계획을 포기했다.

he welcomed the interruption and enjoyed the diversion from what was a normally tedious procedure.
그는 방해도 기꺼이 받아들이며 일상의 지루한 작업에서 잠시 벗어나는 것을 즐겼다.

he stood no chance against winning the race.
그는 그 경주에서 이길 승산이 없었다.

he stood there completely naked.
그는 실오라기 하나 걸치지 않은 채 그곳에 서 있었다.

he stood with his hat off.
그는 모자를 벗고 서 있었다.

he stood under a mighty hard time.
그는 크나큰 어려움을 견디었다.

he stood shot to his co-workers.
그는 동료들에게 한턱을 내었다.

he stood pat to go to medical school.
그는 의학대학으로 가는 것을 바꾸지 않았다.

he stood accused of having betrayed his friend.
그는 친구를 배신했다고 비난받았다.

he stood aghast at the movie.
그는 그 영화를 보고 아연 실색하였다.

he stood surety for a friend and wound up having to pay back a huge debt.
그는 친구의 보증을 섰다가 엄청난 빚을 떠안게 되었다.

he stood surety for his friend.
그는 친구의 채무 보증인이 되었다.

he says they expected the fetal tissue to work much the same as the skin grafts.
그들은 태아의 세포가 피부 이식과 비슷한 결과를 나타낼 것이라고 생각했다는 것입니다.

he says that they are rori and rosy.
그 요정이 말하길 그들은 로리와 로지래요.

he says it's safer than swimming.
수영보다 안전하대.

he says such things as , " i am sick of sleeping with these insipid manhattan debutantes ".
그는 " 재미없는 맨해탄 날라리들과 자는 거 이제 지겨워. " 라는 식으로 말했다.

he says beijing is already struggling to have local governments implement its mandates in other areas.
그가 말하길 중국은 이들 지역에서의 지역정부의 명령에 따르기 위해 이미 열심히 노력하고 있다고 한다.

he leads a tranquil life in the country.
그는 시골에서 평온한 삶을 살고 있다.

he must not contemplate such a step while the irish republic's irredentist and aggressive territorial claim remains in place.
아일랜드 공화국 민족통일 주의자들과 그들의 공격적인 영토 주장이 지속 되는한 , 그는 그와 같은 조치를 구상 해서는 안된다.

he must be made to confess.
그를 자백시켜야 한다.

he must be cranky today. he slammed the door shut.
그 사람 오늘 기분이 좋지 않은 게 분명해. 문을 쾅 닫았거든.

he must have deserted from his regiment on somebody's suggestion.
그는 누구의 사주에 의해서 탈영했을 것이다.

he pulled the wool over my eyes.
그는 나를 속였다.

he pulled out a wristwatch and waved it at jurors.
그는 손목시계를 빼서 배심원들 앞에서 흔들었다.

he has a very husky voice.
그의 목소리는 매우 허스키하다.

he has a learning disability called dyslexia.
그는 난독증이라는 학습장애가 있다.

he has a keen sense of humor.
그는 유머 감각이 뛰어나다.

he has a keen discernment. or he is a man of acute insight.
대단한 안력을 갖고 있다.

he has a power to give a person his conge.
그는 남을 면직시킬 수 있는 영향력을 가졌다.

he has a strong faith in the lord jesus christ.
그는 주 예수 그리스도에 대한 깊은 신심을 갖고 있다.

he has a strong obsession with wealth.
그는 돈에 대한 집착이 강하다.

he has a strong obsession for power.
그는 권력에 대한 집착이 강하다.

he has a hair whorl on the left side of his head.
그는 머리 왼편에 가마가 있다.

he has a weakness for liquor.
그는 술을 아주 좋아한다.

he has a slight acquaintance with the space station.
그는 우주 정거장에 대해 조금 알고 있다.

he has a beautifully neighbored villa.
그는 부근의 경치가 아름다운 별장을 갖고 있다.

he has a severe case of delusional jealousy and always doubts his wife's faithfulness.
그는 의처증이 심해 항상 아내를 의심한다.

he has a cabinet post. or he has a (ministerial) portfolio.
그는 각료의 한 사람이다.

he has a scar on his face.
그는 얼굴에 흠이 있다.

he has a thorough knowledge of foreign affairs.
그는 해외 사정에 정통하다.

he has a thorough knowledge about out-dated coinage.
그는 오래된 동전에 조예가 깊다.

he has a dependency on drugs.
그는 마약에 중독되었다.

he has a distinctly mild manner.
그는 확실히 온화한 성품을 지녔다.

he has a vocation for teaching.
그는 가르치는 일에 소명 의식을 갖고 있다.

he has a dash of the wanderer in him.
그에게는 떠돌이 기질이 있다.

he has a yearning desire for success that's killing him.
그는 너무나 성공하길 원하기에 출세욕이 강하다.

he has a supercilious manner.
그는 태도가 거만하다.

he has not a particle of sense.
조금도 지각이 없다.

he has the most potential of becoming president in the next election.
차기 대통령으로는 그가 가장 유력하다.

he has the caliber of leadership. or he is smart enough to lead others. or he is fit to be a leader.
그는 지도자가 될 기국이다.

he has the makings of a first-rate officer.
그는 일급 장교가 될 소질이 있다.

he has no home soever.
그 사람은 집이라곤 없는 사람이다.

he has no means of support upon which to depend.
그는 의지할 생계 수단이 없다.

he has no claim to scholarship.
그는 학자라고 할 자격이 없다.

he has no common sense. or he is short of common sense. or he is lacking in common sense.
그는 몰상식하다.

he has no sufficient alibi , as far as we know , to prove this though.
우리가 아는한 그는 이것을 증명해낼 충분한 알리바이를 가지고 있지 않다.

he has no backbone. or he is a straw man.
그는 바지저고리다.

he has no pretension(s) to be a scholar.
그에게는 학자인 체하는 데가 없다.

he has no equal. or he is peerless. or he is second to none.
그에 필적할 만한 자가 없다.

he has to go to hospital !.
그를 병원으로 데려가야 해요 !.

he has to take hypertension medication twice daily.
그는 고혈압 때문에 하루에 두 차례 약을 복용해야 한다.

he has every faith that the prodigal will return home.
그는 그 탕자가 집으로 돌아올 것이라는 충분한 믿음을 가지고 있다.

he has often been portrayed as a cold , calculating character.
그는 흔히 냉정하고 계산적인 인물로 묘사되었다.

he has an outgoing and gregarious personality.
그는 외향적이고 사교적인 성격이다.

he has an annoying tendency to pick his teeth during a meal.
그 남자는 식사 중에 이를 쑤시는 역겨운 버릇이 있다.

he has an ill-tempered dog that barks at strangers.
그는 낯선 이들에게 짖어대는 성질 사나운 개을 한 마리 키운다.

he has got the hots for her.
그는 그녀에게 홀딱 반했어.

he has got to be one of the most hilarious people i have ever seen.
그는 세상에서 가장 웃기는 사람 중 하나이다.

he has got to stand up for righteousness.
옳은 것을 위해서라면 그가 맞설 필요가 있어.

he has got nothing but sawdust between his ears.
그는 머리가 텅텅 비었어요.

he has acted in obedience to the law.
그는 법이 하라는 대로 행동했다.

he has many ideas for contraption.
그는 신안에 대한 아이디어가 많다.

he has been a practicing veterinarian since 1989 , and is one of the pioneers in the treatment of feline leukemia.
그는 1989년 개업을 하였으며 , 고양이 백혈병 치료에 선구적인 역할을 하는 분입니다.

he has been named as the probable successor.
그는 후계자 후보로 지명되었다.

he has been elected as the youngest assemblyman.
그는 최연소 국회의원으로 당선되었다.

he has been suffering from nervous debility of the worst kind.
그는 극도의 신경 쇠약에 걸려 있다.

he has been snatching cigarettes and replacing them with antismoking articles in an antismoking crusade.
그는 그들의 담배를 낚아채고 대신 그들에게 흡연 반대 기사를 나눠주는 금연운동을 벌여 왔습니다.

he has been vocal about his desire to become a dad.
그는 최근 아빠가 되고 싶다는 말을 자주 했다.

he has been fasting for 1 week in spite of her father's beard.
그는 아버지의 뜻에 반대하여 1주일 동안 금식을 하고 있다.

he has been seeded 14th at wimbledon next week.
그는 다음주에 있을 윔블던 대회에서 열네 번째 시드 선수로 배정되었다.

he has been bedridden since last year.
그는 작년부터 병석에 누워 있다.

he has been slinging hash for three years.
그는 삼년 동안 웨이터로 일하고 있다.

he has decided to grow a beard and a moustache.
그는 턱수염과 콧수염을 기르기로 결심했다.

he has decided to become a clergyman.
그는 성직자가 되기로 결심했다.

he has two towels in his suitcase.
그의 여행가방안에 두개의 수건이 있다.

he has become a wreck since he failed the exam.
그는 시험에 떨어진 이후로 쇠약해지고 있다.

he has become the most desired tv commercial actor.
그는 cf계에서 러브 콜이 쇄도하고 있다.

he has become more and more forgetful.
그는 점점 건망증이 심해지고 있다.

he has also talked about programmes for the building of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
또한 그는 대륙 간 탄도미사일의 건축을 위한 프로그램들에 대하여 얘기하였다.

he has his tools at hand in a toolbox.
그는 자기 도구들을 바로 찾아 쓸 수 있도록 도구상자에 보관한다.

he has since played the violin concerto in d major by beethoven and recorded it several times.
그는 바이올린 콘체르토 베토벤 d장조를 연주했으며 몇 차례 녹음했습니다.

he has bad sight. or he is weak in sight. or he is weak-sighted.
시력이 약하다.

he has gone to the seaside to recuperate.
그는 해변으로 양병하러 갔다.

he has just turned sixteen. or he has just attained the age of sixteen.
그는 꼭 16세가 되었다.

he has recently parted from his wife.
그는 최근에 아내와 헤어졌다.

he has managed the company fund in an anomalous manner.
그는 지금까지 회사 자금을 변칙적으로 운영해 왔다.

he has really aged. or he has grown quite old.
그는 폭 늙었다.

he has worked hard for the revival of buddhism.
그는 불교의 중흥을 위해 노력해 왔다.

he has assumed a respectable position in the world.
그는 사회에서 중요한 지위를 차지하게 되었다.

he has promised not to tell lies any more , but a leopard can' t change its spots.
그는 더 이상 거짓말을 하지 않겠다고 약속했지만 , 표범은 반점을 바꿀 수 없는 법이다.

he has authoritative knowledge of chemistry.
그는 화학의 권위자다.

he has led a charmed life.
그는 마법의 보호를 받는 듯한 삶을 살아왔다.

he has somehow managed to scrape together the sum.
그는 이리저리 둘러맞추어 그 돈을 마련했다.

he has acquired a reputation for dishonesty.
그는 정직하지 못하다는 평판을 얻었다.

he has renewed his subscription to city life.
그는 도시 생활지의 구독을 갱신했다.

he has complained of being harassed by the police.
그는 경찰로부터 괴롭힘을 당하고 있다고 호소해 왔다.

he has blonde hair and wears a red cape.
그는 금발머리를 가지고 있고 빨간색의 망토를 입고 있어.

he has quarreled with his bread and butter.
그는 자기 생업에 싫증이 나버렸다.

he has labored for it for 10 years.
그는 그 일을 위해 10년 동안 공을 들였다.

he has weathered severe hardships of this world.
그는 세상의 모진 풍파를 이겨냈다.

he has hemiplegia.
그는 반신불수이다.

he presented her with a bouquet of red carnations.
그는 그녀에게 붉은 카네이션 다발을 선물했다.

he makes no disguise of his feelings.
그는 감정을 조금도 속이지 않는다.

he makes no scruple to tell a lie.
그는 거짓말하는 것을 예사로 여긴다.

he makes himself disagreeable wherever he is.
그는 어디 가나 사람들이 싫어한다.

he held me buttonholed for hours.
그는 나를 몇 시간씩 붙들고 이야기 했다.

he held himself and others accountable to the pinnacle of moral standards.
그는 자신은 물론이고 다른 사람들에게도 가장 높은 수준의 윤리를 요구했다.

he held diplomatic posts in several countries.
그는 외교관으로서 여러 나라에 주재했었다.

he saved much food in the repository.
그는 많은 식량을 저장소에 저장했다.

he rushed into business with no preparation whatsoever and ended up bankrupt.
그는 아무런 준비도 없이 사업에 뛰어들었다가 망하고 말았다.

he rushed into business with no preparation whatsoever and ended up bankrupt.
" 그것에 대해 무슨 의문이 있나요 ?" " 없어요 , 어떤 것도. ".

he included me in his family softball games.
그는 가족 소프트볼 놀이에 나를 끼워주었다.

he lay helpless on the floor.
그는 바닥에 속수무책으로 누워 있었다.

he helped his girl friend's cheating in meal or in malt.
그는 그의 여자친구의 부정행위를 직간접으로 도왔다.

he helped secure portugal's independence from the spanish kingdom of castile , leading portuguese forces in the critical battle of aljubarrota in 1385.
그는 1385년 알주바로타 전투에서 포르투갈 군대를 이끌어 스페인 카스티야 왕국으로부터 포르투갈의 독립을 이루어냈다.

he put the children to bed.
그는 아이들을 침대에 재웠다.

he put the ant on a table and shouted.
그 개미를 식탁 위에 올려놓고 소리쳤다.

he put up with all sorts of hardship for ten years.
그는 십년 동안 갖은 고생을 배겨 냈다.

he put on a hat. or he put a hat on.
그는 모자를 뒤집어썼다.

he put out his tongue to tease us.
그는 우리를 약 올리려고 혀를 내밀었다.

he gave a fake smile at the lame joke.
그는 그 썰렁 개그에 가짜로 미소를 지었다.

he gave a concise account of it.
그는 그 문제를 간결하게 설명했다.

he gave the distorted report on purpose.
그는 사실을 고의로 왜곡해서 보고했다.

he gave his former wife a subsistence provision up until the time she married again.
그는 전처가 재혼할 때까지 그녀에게 위자료를 지불했다.

he gave us a lecture on the confucian theory.
그는 유교의 이론에 대해 강의를 해주었다.

he went so far as to deny the necessity of it.
그는 그럴 필요가 없다고까지 극론했다.

he went to the video arcade with his chums.
걔 친구들이랑 오락실에 갔어요.

he went to church , perhaps seeking divine inspiration.
그는 아마 신의 영감을 구하려고 했는지 , 교회에 갔다.

he went on his way at daybreak.
그는 날이 새자마자 길을 떠났다.

he went on crushing his way through the crowd.
그는 군중 속을 밀어 헤치며 계속 걸어 나아갔다.

he went out to siphon the python.
그는 소변보러 나갔다.

he went back to his scribbling.
그는 쓰고 있던 일을 마저 계속 했다.

he went abroad to study architecture during his senior year.
그는 건축학과 4학년 때 유학 갔잖아.

he went ahead with the approval of his cabinet - even though no concurrence was reached on filling the key defense and interior ministry portfolios.
이날 의회가 단일 정부를 승인했음에도 불구하고 핵심 요직인 국방과 내무 장관 임명에 대해서는 합의가 이뤄지지 않은 상태입니다.

he went crook at the irrational decision.
그는 비합리적인 결정에 화를 냈다.

he looked at me with hazy eyes.
그는 흐리멍텅한 눈빛으로 나를 바라보았다.

he looked at his ruined car , seething with anger.
그는 분해서 식식대며 부서진 차를 바라보았다.

he looked at them over the rim of his glass.
그가 안경테 너머로 그들을 바라보았다.

he looked like a self-conscious adolescent.
그는 마치 자의식이 강한 청년처럼 보였다.

he looked so peaceful in the arms of morpheus.
그의 잠든 모습이 너무나 평온해 보였다.

he looked to the new school superintendent to break the impasse.
그는 난국을 타개해 나갈 신임 교육감에게 기대를 걸었다.

he looked me straight in the face.
그는 내 얼굴을 정면으로 응시했다.

he looked very awkward in his new shirt.
그는 새 셔츠를 입으니 매우 어색해 보였다.

he looked very stylish in his blue shirt.
그는 푸른색 상의를 맵시 있게 입었다.

he looked for all the world like a schoolboy caught stealing apples.
그는 마치 사과를 훔치다가 들킨 학생과 꼭 같았다.

he looked around the filthy room in distaste.
그는 불쾌한 기분으로 지저분한 방을 둘러보았다.

he looked nervous and paced in place.
그는 초조한 얼굴로 발을 동동거렸다.

he looked grim-faced , as did his attorney carl douglas.
그의 변호사 carl douglas 가 그렇듯이 , 그는 우울해 보였다.

he looked extremly mad when he heard the word " nigger ".
그는 깜둥이라는 말을 듣자 매우 화가 난듯 보였다.

he looked uncannily like someone i knew.
그는 묘하게 내가 아는 누군가와 닮아 보였다.

he treaded the shoe awry by his bad habits.
그는 나쁜 버릇 때문에 타락했다.

he passed the ball to his teammate.
그는 팀 동료에게 공을 패스했다.

he jumped like a man who'd been zapped with 1000 volts.
그는 1 000볼트짜리 전류에 감전이라도 된 사람처럼 펄쩍 뛰었다.

he ran away through tightly guarded police.
그는 삼엄한 경계망을 뚫고 도주하였다.

he ran for miles with a musket.
그는 소총을 가지고 수 마일을 달렸다.

he ran through the newspaper before breakfast.
그는 아침 식사 전에 신문을 대강 훑어 보았다.

he missed the part and parcel of our plan.
그는 우리 계획의 요점을 놓쳤다.

he punched me , so i punched him. every time he hit me , i hit him. i just gave him tit for tat.
그는 나를 때렸다. 그래서 나도 그를 때렸다. 그가 나를 때릴 때마다 나도 그를 때려 주었다. 나는 그와 똑같이 응수한 것이다.

he fell in a naval battle.
그는 해전에서 전사하였다.

he broke a lance with her for the prize.
그는 상을 놓고 그녀와 겨뤘다.

he broke with his partner because did not agree.
그는 의견이 맞지 않아 동료와 손을 끊었다.

he broke down through overwork. or he fell ill from overwork.
그는 과로로 인해서 건강을 해쳤다.

he swung the car around the corner.
그는 모퉁이에서 자동차를 홱 돌렸다.

he felt in his breast that his actions were morally wrong.
그는 그의 행동이 도덕적으로 잘못됐다고 마음 깊이 느꼈다.

he felt very conscious of his foreign accent.
그는 자기에게 외국 억양이 있는 것을 잘 알고 있었다.

he felt his heart swelling with indignation.
그는 가슴에 분노가 치미는 것을 느꼈다.

he felt suddenly faint , and his heart began to palpitate.
내 심장이 매우 빠르게 불규칙적으로 고동치고 있다.

he felt tangled emotions whenever he thought of her.
그녀만 생각하면 그는 감정이 복잡해졌다.

he just pretended not to know it. he really has a cool cheek.
그는 그걸 모른 척했다. 그는 정말 뻔뻔하다.

he still felt a little ashamed , but he felt much better than before.
그은 아직도 약간 부끄러웠지만 , 전보다 훨씬 기분이 좋아졌다.

he still seems a little clumsy cutting cucumbers.
그는 오이 써는 것도 아직 좀 서툴러 보이네요.

he still hopes to win his claim against unfair dismissal.
그는 아직도 부당 해고에 맞선 자신의 주장이 이기기를 바라고 있다.

he even invited mary to chaperone jean on these breaks.
그는 휴가기간 동안 진의 보호자 역할을 하도록 메리까지 초대하였다.

he finds what he gives her is a woman's underwear.
그는 은아에게 건넨 것이 여자팬티임을 발견하였다.

he seems to be a complete workaholic.
그는 완전히 일 중독인 것 같다.

he seems to be acting conservatively.
그가 좀 보수적인거 같다.

he seems to need an anti-depressant.
그는 진정제가 필요할 것으로 보인다.

he seems very dejected after losing the first game.
그는 첫 시합에서 진 후 몹시 실망한 것 같다.

he tied the fish to the skiff and put his sails up.
그는 물고기를 배에 묶고 돛을 올렸다.

he smelled powerfully of long immersion in bath salts and shaving unguents.
그는 목욕 소금과 면도 연고에 오랫동안 잠겼던 냄새를 강하게 풍겼다.

he looks and smells like a zombie but is not certain that he is one.
그는 좀비처럼 생기고 좀비처럼 냄새가 나지만 나는 그가 좀비인지 확실하지 않다.

he looks wild but he has a tender mind.
그는 우락부락하게 생겼지만 마음은 좋다.

he ignored the office party and did not attend.
그는 사무실 파티를 무시하고 가지 않았다.

he fought for the king's highway bravely.
천하의 공도를 위해 그는 용감하게 싸웠다.

he began to take theological problems under advisement.
그는 신학 문제에 관해 숙고하기 시작했다.

he absolutely waved away to clean the loo.
그는 단호하게 화장실 청소를 거부했다.

he knows how to write like an angel.
그는 문장을 아름답게 쓸 줄 안다.

he knows much whereof he speaks.
그는 그가 말한것에 대 해서 많이 안다.

he holds very libertarian views.
그는 매우 자유주의적인 견해를 갖고 있다.

he holds degrees from the london school of economics and the hebrew university of jerusalem , where he has been on the faculty since 1971.
그는 런던대학교 경제학부와 지난 1971년부터 교수로 봉직해 온 예루살렘의 히브리 대학에서 학위를 취득하였습니다.

he continued on his way to school.
그는 계속해서 학교로 가던 길을 갔다.

he stands a show to die sooner or later.
그는 곧 죽을 가망성이 있다.

he stands unchallenged in the present literary world.
그는 현 문단에서 독보적 지위에 있다.

he gazed at me with bleary eyes.
그는 게슴츠레한 눈으로 나를 바라보았다.

he gazed at me with bleary eyes.
" 졸려서 그랬어. " 그녀가 게슴츠레한 눈으로 변명했다.

he returned to the bosom of the family.
그는 가족의 품으로 돌아갔다.

he speaks in a manner that is frustrating to the listener.
그는 말을 참 답답하게 한다.

he speaks to others in a high-handed manner.
그는 다른 사람들에게 고압적으로 말한다.

he speaks with a forked tongue.
그는 일구이언하는 사람이에요.

he proved himself (to be) a capable businessman.
그는 유능한 사업가임을 입증했다.

he reached out and mussed my hair.
바람으로 그녀의 머리가 흐트러졌다.

he told the court he acted out of religious conviction.
법정에서 그는 종교적 신념에 따라 행동했다고 말했습니다.

he told the detective to expect a call from the informant.
그는 그 제보자에게서 전화가 올 것이라고 형사에게 말했다.

he told me i was fat and ugly.
그 애가 나한테 뚱뚱하고 못생겼다고 말했어.

he told me in so many words that she was a liar.
그는 그녀가 거짓말쟁이라고 노골적으로 되풀이하여 말했다.

he told me it was absolutely picturesque there.
그가 그곳은 정말 그림같이 아름답대.

he told me talk to you.
그분께서 저한테 당신과 말씀을 나누라고 하셨습니다.

he told his fellow citizens to " go home and do your patriotic duty tonight. ".
그는 국민들에게 " 집에 돌아가 오늘밤 국가를 위해 봉사하시기 바랍니다. " 라고 말하기도 했다.

he told us , in a very roundabout way , that he was thinking of leaving.
그가 우리에게 , 아주 우회적으로 , 떠날 생각을 하고 있다고 말했다.

he left the scene untouched for the police investigation.
그는 경찰 조사를 위해 현장을 건드리지 않았다.

he left for new york on set purpose.
그는 확고한 목적으로 뉴욕을 향해 떠났다.

he left his friend in the lurch.
그는 곤경에 처한 친구를 본체만체했다.

he left prison quite a changed man.
그가 형무소를 나올 때는 사람이 아주 변해 있었다.

he stepped off the carpet with mary.
그는 메리와 결혼했다.

he stepped back with a startle.
그는 흠칫하여 뒤로 물러났다.

he uses a magnifying glass to look at his stamp collection.
그는 우표 모음을 보기 위해 돋보기를 사용한다.

he particularly referred to the role of dismounted close-combat units.
나는 그의 자전거에서 내려 언덕 위로 자전거를 밀었다.

he set a snare for rabbit.
그는 토끼를 잡으려고 덫을 놓았다.

he set off jauntily , whistling to himself.
그는 혼자 휘파람을 불며 의기양양하게 출발했다.

he set his heart on becoming a novelist.
그는 소설가가 되려고 마음먹었다.

he trained as a pilot with the army air service , while holding a job as an airline mechanic in montana , working at logan international airport.
몬태나주에서 비행기 수리공으로서 일을 잡고 로건 국제 공항에서 일을 하는 동안 , 그는 군 비행기 조종사로서 훈련 받았습니다.

he managed to stagger home.
그는 비틀거리며 간신히 집에 왔다.

he changed his son's mind about dropping out of school.
그는 아들을 설득하여 자퇴를 하지 않도록 했다.

he won gold (medal) in vaulting.
그는 뜀틀에서 금메달을 차지했다.

he won commendation for his great services to the state.
나라에 다대한 공적을 세워 표창을 받았다.

he recognized in 1994 that our country was in dire need of change.
그는 1994년에 우리나라의 변화가 절실히 필요하다는 것을 인식했다.

he easily became close to people around him because he is so sociable.
그는 붙임성이 좋아 주변 사람과 쉽게 친해졌다.

he quickly cracked a joke about the size of his bladder and sat down.
그는 재빨리 그의 방광크기에 대해 농담했고 앉았다.

he seemed to be on the verge of total derangement.
그는 완전히 미치기 일보 직전에 있는 사람처럼 보였다.

he seemed to be sauntering across a street at night.
그는 밤거리를 한가롭게 거니는 것 같았다.

he keeps a chameleon as a pet.
그는 애완동물로 카멜레온을 키운다.

he kept up his writing to the last ditch.
그는 최후까지 멈추지 않고 글을 썼다.

he kept on saying the same thing ass on backwards.
그는 술에 취하여 계속해서 같은 말을 했다.

he kept on smoking in spite of my repeated warning.
내가 누차 말했는데도 그는 담배를 끊지 못했다.

he kept bouncing up and down like a yo-yo.
그는 요요 장난감처럼 계속 펄쩍펄쩍 뛰었다.

he finally chose sylvia , a low-profile singer , actor.
그는 결국 그다지 잘 알려지지 않은 가수 겸 배우인 실비아와 결혼을 했다.

he finally tumbled to what she was doing.
그는 마침내 그녀가 무엇을 하고 있는가를 알아냈다.

he scared the dickens out of me.
그는 나를 놀라 기절초풍하게 했다.

he became a legend in his time.
그는 생존 시 이미 전설적인 인물이 되었다.

he became a pupil of a well-known professional go player at the age of 15.
그는 15세 때 유명한 프로 바둑기사의 문하에 입문했다.

he became the sixteenth president of the united states in 1861.
그는 1861년에 미국의16번째 대통령이 되었습니다.

he became an object of ridicule by his peers.
그는 친구들 사이에서 조롱거리가 되었다.

he became an apprentice in the workshop.
그는 작업실에서 견습생으로 일하게 되었다.

he became an idol , a leader , and a lifestyle for the american teenagers.
그는 미국의 십대 청소년들에게 우상이자 지도자 , 하나의 생활양식이 되었다.

he became increasingly dissatisfied and querulous in his old age.
그는 노년에 점점 더 불만이 많고 성을 잘 내는 사람이 되었다.

he became baldheaded before his time.
그는 아직 젊은데도 머리가 벗어졌다.

he takes on all of the hard work.
그는 힘든 일은 도맡아서 한다.

he worked in the darkroom to develop photos.
그는 암실에서 사진 인화 작업을 했다.

he worked hard like buggery.
그는 굉장히 열심히 일했다.

he worked hard to return his uncle's kindness.
그는 삼촌에게 보은하려고 열심히 일했다.

he worked as a door-to-door salesman peddling cloths and brushes.
그는 집집마다 다니며 옷감과 솔들을 파는 외판원으로 일했다.

he arrived at the palace where the king lived.
그는 왕이 살고 있는 궁전에 도착했다.

he enjoyed himself over his whiskey.
그는 위스키를 마시며 즐겁게 지냈다.

he announced his candidacy in the coming presidential election.
그는 이번 대통령 선거에 출마를 선언했다.

he produced his wallet from his trouser pocket.
그는 바지 호주머니에서 지갑을 꺼냈다.

he snatched a knife (away) from the burglar.
그는 도둑으로부터 칼을 낚아챘다.

he stated he felt so dirty and degraded.
그는 그가 굉장히 더럽고 타락한 것 처럼 느껴졌다고 말했다.

he shows up out of nowhere looking for a record.
그가 레코드판을 찾으러 갑자기 나타났어.

he considered himself unworthy of the honour they had bestowed on him.
그는 그들이 자기에게 부여하는 영예를 받을 자격이 없다고 여겼다.

he suffered from an oppressively dominant mother.
그는 억압적으로 군림하는 어머니 때문에 고통을 받았다.

he suffered from nostalgia for his home.
그는 향수에 젖었다.

he suffered financial hardship after he lost his job.
그는 실직 후에 재정적인 어려움을 겪었다.

he suffered lacerations to his eye and some facial burning after one device exploded.
그는 한개의 폭발물에 피폭된후 안면일부의 화상 , 안구열상을 경험했다.

he agreed to their visit with the proviso that they should stay no longer than one week.
그는 그들이 일주일 이상 머물지 않는다는 단서를 달고 그들의 방문에 동의했다.

he needed a care of his mother with the wisdom of hindsight.
뒤늦게 깨달은 것이지만 그는 그의 엄마의 보호가 필요했다.

he tried in vain to defend his privileges.
그는 자신의 특권을 지키려고 노력했으나 헛수고였다.

he tried to leave me with the lid off.
그는 무서운 것을 보여주어 나를 떠나려고 했다.

he tried to keep his temper under discipline in public.
그는 대중들 앞에서 화를 내지 않으려고 노력했다.

he tried to use his colleague as a steppingstone toward his own promotion.
그는 동료를 발판 삼아 출세하려고 했다.

he tried to scare us but we ignored him.
그는 우리를 놀라게 하려고 했지만 , 우리는 그를 무시했다.

he tried to shine up to the boss.
그는 상사의 마음을 사려했다.

he tried to mingle with the other guests at the party.
그는 파티에서 다른 손님들과 어울리려고 노력했다.

he tried to civilize the tribe.
그는 그 부족을 개화하려고 애썼다.

he tried to crawl back into favor.
그는 굽실거리며 환심을 다시 사려 했다.

he tried to trick me into buying it.
그는 나를 속여서 그것을 사게 하려고 했다.

he voted for the change and he expected his colleagues to do likewise.
그는 그 변화에 찬성하는 표를 던졌고 동료들도 똑같이 할 것으로 예상했다.

he showed a flagrant disregard for anyone else's feelings.
그는 누구든 다른 사람의 감정은 노골적으로 무시했다.

he determined that nobody should dissuade him from doing it.
그는 누가 무어라고 해도 그 일을 하기로 결심했다.

he committed suicide from a disgust for existence.
그는 염세자살하였다.

he bounds onto the porch to ring the bell.
그는 현관으로 뛰어가 벨을 눌렀다.

he received a myriad of awards and honors from all parts of the country.
그는 나라의 각 분야로 부터 많은 존경과 상을 받았다.

he received a meritorious medal (in recognition of his exemplary service).
그는 유공훈장을 받았다.

he received the george cross for his act of heroism.
그는 영웅적 행위로 조지 십자 훈장을 받았다.

he received an honorary degree from the university.
그는 대학에서 명예학위를 받았다.

he received an honorary doctorate degree.
그는 명예박사 학위를 받았다.

he received low marks in the comprehension part of the examination ?.
그는 이해 파트 시험에서 낮은 점수를 얻었다.

he received numerous commendations for the quality of his work.
그는 일처리가 뛰어나서 상당히 많은 상을 받았다.

he received devastating injuries in the accident.
그는 그 사고로 엄청나게 심한 부상을 입었다.

he rebuked his subordinate for negligence of duty.
그는 부하 직원의 직무 태만을 나무랐다.

he wanted to confer with his colleagues before reaching a decision.
그는 결정을 내리기 전에 동료들과 의논하고 싶었다.

he slipped a coat over his sweatshirt.
그는 급히 스웨터 위에 외투를 걸쳤다.

he died a righteous death on the battlefield.
그는 전쟁터에서 의로운 죽음을 맞았다.

he died in palm springs , california , after a fall.
그는 가을이 지나가고 난 뒤 , 캘리포니아 , 팜 스프링에서 죽었다.

he died when his chronic illness was aggravated.
그는 지병이 악화되어 사망했다.

he died of acute blood poisoning two years ago.
그는 급성 폐혈증으로 2년 전에 사망했다.

he asked me to visit him sometime.
그는 나에게 언젠가 그를 방문할 것을 요청했어.

he built a small display cabinet into the wall.
그는 작은 진열장을 벽에 붙박았다.

he needs quite some time to comprehend what's going on.
그는 이해가 상당히 느리다.

he measures things by hand fairly accurately.
그의 손대중은 틀림없다.

he remained steadfast in his determination to bring the killers to justice.
그는 그 살인자들에게 법의 심판을 받게 할 거라는 각오를 변함없이 지니고 있었다.

he remained sullen and refused to talk to anybody.
그는 뚱하니 아무하고도 말을 하지 않았다.

he remained tight-lipped and said nothing.
그는 입술을 꼭 다물고 아무 말도 하지 않았다.

he turned me the nelson eye on saw my mistake.
내 실수를 보고도 그는 못본척 하였다.

he turned on me with an angry look.
그는 무서운 기세로 나에게 대들었다.

he advanced all the way to the yalu river , which is the border between north korea and china.
그는 북한과 중국 사이의 경계인 야루강까지 진격했다.

he connected up the radio antenna and tuned in to the broadcasts.
그는 라디오 안테나를 연결해서 방송을 들었다.

he entered the college with little effort.
그는 거의 노력하지 않고 대학에 합격했다.

he answered the questions with a chip on his shoulders.
그는 적대적인 태도로 질문을 답하였다.

he raised his arm to try to deflect the blow.
그가 그 일격을 막으려고 팔을 들었다.

he bought a pair of socks , a bag , and the devil knows what.
그는 양말 , 가방 그리고 그 밖에 이것저것 샀다.

he bought a diorama of miniature soldiers.
그는 작은 작은 군인들이 딸린 입체 모형 세트를 샀다.

he bought me some jewels of the old rock.
그가 내게 품질 보증이 된 보석을 사주었다.

he introduced field hospitals , ambulance service , and first-aid treatment to the battlefield.
그는 야전 병원 , 구급차 서비스 , 그리고 응급처치를 전장에 도입했다.

he signed on for an english conversation course.
그 학생은 영어회화과목을 수강신청했다.

he stars opposite cameron as an aging football coach.
그는 노령의 축구 코치로 카메론의 상대 주연 역을 맡았다.

he mistook me for madonna and asked for my autograph.
그는 나를 마돈나로 잘못 알고 사인을 해 달라고 청했다.

he wrote a series of trenchant articles on the state of the british theater.
그는 연속으로 영국 연극계의 현 상황에 대한 신랄한 기사를 썼다.

he wrote an article about the accumulation of capital.
그는 자본의 축적에 관한 기사를 썼다.

he learned a good lesson from the accident.
그는 그 사건을 통해 좋은 교훈 하나를 얻었다.

he cut a little celebratory caper in the middle of the road.
그가 길 한가운데서 축하 춤을 추듯 깡충거렸다.

he cut the call without saying boo.
그는 말도 없이 전화를 끊었습니다.

he cut the paper precisely without a millimeter of error.
그는 종이를 1밀리의 오차도 없이 딱 맞게 잘랐다.

he cut class once and ended up a high school dropout.
그 애는 한 번 수업을 빼먹더니 결국에는 고등학교를 자퇴했다.

he paid off the police to tamper with the his traffic accident records.
그는 경찰에 뇌물을 먹여 교통사고 기록을 조작했다.

he fired and hit the outermost ring of the target.
그는 발사하여 과녁의 가장 바깥쪽 원을 맞혔다.

he fired two shots from a handgun.
그는 권총을 두 발 발사했다.

he denied the crime like a nailer.
그는 범행을 완강하게 부인했다.

he sold the machine on commission.
그는 구문을 받고 기계를 팔았다.

he sold his fur-trading business in 1834 , devoting his time and energy thereafter to the management of his financial interests.
그는 1834년에 모피 회사를 매각하고 이후 자신의 금융 재산 관리에 전념했다.

he promised he would be on the hob.
그는 금주하겠다고 약속했다.

he promised to love and to cherish and to keep her.
그는 그녀를 사랑하고 소중히 여기고 지켜주기로 약속했다.

he started the business on the queer.
그는 가짜 돈을 만들어서 사업을 시작했다.

he started the wheels turning to compile the data.
그는 자료를 정리하기 시작하였다.

he started to sob uncontrollably.
그가 주체할 수 없이 흐느끼기 시작했다.

he started down the long hallway.
그는 긴 복도를 따라 걷기 시작했다.

he supports our efforts to end hunger in the world.
그는 이 세상에서 기근을 없애려는 우리의 노력을 지지한다.

he treats his wife like a skivvy.
그는 아내를 하녀 취급한다.

he devoted full time to helping his son.
그는 아들을 돕는 일에 모든 시간을 바쳤다.

he established the investment bank in the 1800s that bore his name.
그는 1800년도에 그의 이름을 딴 투자은행을 설립했다.

he expressed his readiness to adopt the reform bill.
그는 그 개혁안을 당장 채택하고 싶다는 의향을 표명했다.

he shot an apple on the top of his son's head using a crossbow.
그는 석궁으로 그의 아들 머리 꼭대기에 놓인 사과를 쏘았다.

he dropped behind early in the marathon.
그는 마라톤에서 일찌감치 낙오했다.

he sat there deep in contemplation.
그는 깊이 사색에 잠겨 거기 앉아 있었다.

he sat down in his leather seat.
그는 가죽으로 된 그의 의자에 앉았다.

he sat down after tossing out his coattails.
그는 코트 자락을 젖히고 자리에 앉았다.

he sat stiffly.
그는 딱딱한 자세로 앉아 있었다.

he laid out the table in style for the party.
그 남자는 파티를 위해 식탁을 멋지게 꾸몄다.

he laid two objects on the table side by side.
그는 두 개의 물건을 테이블 위에 나란히 올려놓았다.

he laid his studies before the academic world.
그는 학계에 연구를 발표했다.

he picked up two hitchhikers on the road to bristol.
그는 브리스톨로 가는 길에 히치하이크를 하는 사람 두 명을 태웠다.

he picked up two hitchhikers on the road to bristol.
한 미국인 관광객은 브리스틀 근처의 폐품 판매에서 벌새 그림을 2파운드에 샀는데 , 그림의 진짜 가치가 34 , 000파운드에 가까운 것으로 밝혀졌다.

he drove his car into top.
그는 전속력으로 차를 몰았다.

he reported the speech verbatim.
그는 그 연설을 글자 그대로 보도했다.

he hopes to be a painter.
그는 화가가 되기를 희망한다.

he hired himself out to whoever needed his services.
그는 자기 서비스를 필요로 하는 사람이면 누구를 위해서든 일을 해 주었다.

he wisely separated grain from the chaff.
그는 현명하게 가치 있는 것과 없는 걸 갈랐다.

he hit a towering home run that went over the left field fence.
그는 좌측 펜스를 넘기는 큼직한 홈런을 쳤다.

he hit the woodwork twice before scoring.
그가 찬 공이 골대에 두 번 맞고 나서 들어갔다.

he watched me from the darkened spectators' balcony.
그는 캄캄한 관객석에서 나를 지켜보았다.

he rolled the trolley across the room.
그가 손수레를 굴리며 방 건너편으로 갔다.

he threw up the sponge. or he threw in the towel.
그는 패배를 자인하였다.

he threw on his jacket carelessly.
그는 재킷을 아무렇게나 걸쳤다.

he threw himself into the path of an oncoming vehicle.
그는 달려오고 있던 자동차 쪽으로 몸을 던졌다.

he threw himself around the stage like a whirling dervish.
그는 빙빙 도는 데르비시처럼 무대 위를 휘젓고 다녔다.

he spoke of the environment in a school being quiet , peaceful and conducive to learning.
그는 학교의 환경이 조용하고 평화롭고 학습하기에 좋다고 말했다.

he spoke with a cockney accent and dropped his aitches.
그는 런던 토박이 말씨를 써서 어두의 에이치음을 발음하지 않았다.

he served in the united states marine corps during the korean war from 1951 until 1953.
그는 1951년에서 1953년 까지 한국전쟁에 참여한 미해병대출신이다.

he served as a member of parliament and taught at cambridge university.
그는 하원 의원으로 일했고 , 캠브리지 대학에서 학생들을 가르쳤다.

he served as a field serviceman for 20 years.
그는 야전 군인으로 20년을 복무했다.

he engaged in a prosperous undertaking.
그는 번창하는 사업에 종사했었다.

he either fished in the wrong place , used the wrong bait or pulled in his line too quickly.
그는 또한 적절하지 않은 장소에서 낚시를 하거나 , 잘못된 미끼를 사용하거나 , 또는 그의 낚싯줄을 너무 빨리 잡아당겼다.

he rejected me with stiff neck.
그는 나를 완고하게 거절했다.

he dressed in a silver spacesuit and a gold helmet.
그는 은빛 우주복을 입고 황금 헬멧을 썼다.

he pitched a no-hitter and finished an inning without giving away any points.
그는 1이닝을 무안타 무실점으로 막았다.

he eventually fled new york with his sons to move to charleston , south carolina so his sons would not be subject to the same kind of drug exposure.
그는 그의 아들들이 같은 종류의 마약 노출 대상이 되지 않게 하기 위해 결국 아들들과 뉴욕을 떠나 사우스 캐롤라이나의 찰스톤으로 이사했습니다.

he listened respectfully.
그는 공손히 듣고 있었다.

he offended me by being outspoken.
그는 직설적인 표현으로 내게 상처를 주었다.

he ceased the attempt , in low-spirits.
그는 절망하여 그 시도를 포기했다.

he realized he had spoken amiss at the party.
파티에서 그는 자신이 실언했음을 알았다.

he probably has never smelled a woman before.
걔는 여자 냄새 한번 못 맡았을 거다.

he shook her violently by the shoulders.
그가 그녀의 어깨를 잡고 마구 흔들었다.

he shook his head in disapproval.
그가 마음에 안 든다는 듯 고개를 저었다.

he shook his head in disbelief.
그가 믿을 수 없다는 듯 고개를 저었다.

he borrowed some money using his house as security.
그는 집을 담보로 은행에서 돈을 빌렸다.

he acts strange because he is not the full quid.
그는 머리가 모자라서 이상하게 행동한다.

he played the woman , which worried his parents.
그는 계집애 같은 짓을 해서 부모님을 걱정시켰다.

he played the odds , which maddened his wife.
그는 노름을 해서 아내를 화나게 했다.

he element technology for improvement in construction of rc work of a skyscraper.
초고층 구조의 시공성 향상을 위한 철근 선조립 기법.

he traveled in quest of gold.
그는 금을 찾아 여행을 했다.

he traveled around palestine when he was 30 , preaching a new message.
그는 나이 30에 팔레스타인을 여행하며 새로운 메시지를 설교했다.

he sank deeper into the pit as he struggled harder to get out.
발버둥 칠수록 그는 더 깊은 수렁으로 빠져 들었다.

he sailed southwest stern allstern foremost.
그는 고물을 진행 방향으로 돌려서 서남쪽으로 항해했다.

he spun a tale of bygone days.
그는 지난 날의 일을 장황하게 늘어놓았다.

he opened the sluice.
그는 수문을 열었다.

he assured me that his servant was faithful.
그는 내게 자기 하인이 충실하다고 장담했다.

he assured them that i was ok and that i slept through the attack.
그는 그들에게 내가 괜찮았고 그 공격에도 깨지 않고 잤다고 단언했다.

he drank the cold water out of the river.
그는 차가운 강물을 마셨다.

he talked of mouse and man.
그는 온갖 생물에 대해 말했다.

he talked with the magisterial authority of the head of the family.
그는 가장으로서의 무게와 권위를 갖고 말을 했다.

he bent down to pick up the pen.
그는 펜을 주우려고 몸을 구부렸다.

he sang a song to the guitar accompaniment.
그는 기타 반주에 맞춰 노래를 불렀다.

he earns his own tucker now.
그도 이젠 밥벌이를 한다.

he earns his livelihood by doing manual labor.
그는 막노동으로 벌어먹고 산다.

he manages the business affairs of a company.
그는 회사의 업무를 관리한다.

he sought to smell out secrets.
그는 비밀을 탐지하려 했다.

he sought through the park but he could not find his son.
그는 공원 안을 샅샅이 찾았지만 아들을 찾아내지 못했다.

he claimed to be a direct descendant of a royal family.
그는 자신이 왕가의 직계 후손이라고 주장했다.

he accused her of being vindictive.
그는 그녀가 앙심을 품고 있다고 비난했다.

he survived the confrontation with his boss in one piece.
그 사람은 상사와의 대결에서 무사히 살아남았다.

he remembered their childhood meetings with nostalgia.
그는 그들이 어린 시절에 만났던 일들을 향수에 젖어 기억했다.

he stared at it with his mouth wide open.
그는 입을 딱 벌리고 그것을 바라보고 있었다.

he shouted and clapped his hand down on the table top.
그는 소리를 지르면서 손바닥으로 탁자 위를 쾅 쳤다.

he fears the criticism could curtail the freedom of speech and that may lead to the imprisonment of comedians.
그는 비판이 표현의 자유를 줄이고 그로 인해서 코미디언들이 투옥되는 상황이 될까 두려워한다.

he achieved a 10 meter walk with the assistance of a walking stick.
그는 지팡이에 의지해서 10미터를 걸었다.

he collected money to get some presents for the teacher's retirement celebration.
선생님 은퇴를 축하드릴 선물을 사려고 그는 돈을 거뒀다.

he collected his short stories into a book.
그는 자신의 단편들을 모아 한 권의 책으로 엮었다.

he booted the ball clear of the goal.
그가 공을 골대에 닿지 않게 세게 찼다.

he loves painting with his whole being.
그는 천성적으로 그림을 좋아한다.

he pushed on undaunted by a single failure.
그는 한 번의 실패에 굴하지 않고 맹진했다.

he pushed his way to become a ceo.
그는 출세해서 ceo가 되었다.

he asserts that slavery is wrong for both moral and religious reasons.
그는 노예제도는 도덕적 종교적 이유 모두에서 잘못된 것이라고 주장합니다.

he becomes irritable when stress builds up.
그는 스트레스가 쌓이면 짜증을 잘 낸다.

he pleaded that i was to blame.
그는 나에게 책임이 있다고 주장했다.

he distinguished himself in the national crisis.
그는 국가 위기에 제회하여 공을 세웠다.

he wired to me to come back at once.
그는 내게 곧 돌아오라고 전보를 쳤다.

he brushed a cobweb out of his hair.
그는 머리를 빗어 거미줄을 떼어 냈다.

he deserted me to go back to mama.
그가 날 버리고 엄마품으로 돌아갔어.

he breathed hard while he ascended the mountain.
그는 산을 올라가면서 숨을 헐떡거렸다.

he eats only certain kinds of eucalyptus leaves.
코알라는 어떤 특정한 종류의 유칼립투스 잎만 먹습니다.

he eats cornflakes with milk and sugar every morning.
그는 매일 아침 설탕과 우유를 넣은 콘푸레이크를 먹는다.

he painted every door up to the armpits.
그는 모든 문을 죄다 페인트칠했다.

he knew the records of the major league teams by heart.
그는 메이저리그 팀들의 성적을 모조리 외우고 있었다.

he knew this was a wild untamed genius of poetic thought.
그는 그것이 시적인 생각에서 나온 야생적이고 길들여지지 않은 천재성이라는 것을 알았다.

he rained on me that he was so tired.
그는 너무 피곤하다고 내게 불평했다.

he wears a wool cardigan in winter.
그는 겨울이면 모로 된 가디건을 입는다.

he gathered his cloak around him.
그가 몸에 두른 망토를 더 단단히 여미었다.

he claims he acted in self-defence.
그는 자기 행동이 정당방위였다고 주장한다.

he claims the tortuous route through back streets avoids the worst of the traffic.
뒷골목의 구불구불한 길을 택하면 극심한 교통체증을 피할 수 있다고 그는 주장한다.

he claims to have senile dementia which affects his memory.
그는 자신의 기억에 영향을 미치는 노인성치매를 앓고 있다고 주장한다.

he kicked the ball like fun.
그는 공을 기운차게 찼다.

he kicked the bucket last night.
그는 어젯밤에 꼴깍했다.

he kicked me on the shin.
그는 내 정강이를 찼다.

he measured the diameter of the artery.
그는 동맥의 직경을 측정했다.

he fixed the towing cradle round the hull.
그녀는 그 아이를 두 팔로 받쳐 안았다.

he enjoys an arduous workout in the gymnasium.
그는 체육관에서 힘드는 운동하기를 즐긴다.

he enjoys life more when he is not melancholy.
그는 우울하지 않을 때 인생을 더욱 즐긴다.

he enjoys collecting antiques like olden day cars and phones.
그는 구식 자동차나 전화기 같은 골동품을 수집하는 것을 좋아한다.

he traces his line of descent from the stuart kings.
그는 자기 족보의 기원을 스튜어트 왕들에서부터 찾고 있다.

he sustained a penetrating wound of the chest.
그는 가슴에 관통상을 입었다.

he swore to wreak vengeance on those who had betrayed him.
그는 자기를 배신한 자들에게 복수를 하겠다고 맹세했다.

he swore it on the witness stand.
그는 증인석에서 그것을 증언했다.

he swore blind that the fact was true.
그는 그 사실이 진실이었다고 단언했다.

he landed a big fish , a ten pounder.
그는 10파운드짜리 대어를 낚았다.

he stole money from a homeless person in an act of malevolence.
그는 악의를 품고 집 없는 사람에게서 돈을 훔쳤다.

he wheeled his horse back to the gate.
그가 말을 홱 돌려 정문으로 갔다.

he freed himself from all of life's cares and became a buddhist monk.
그는 인생의 모든 구속을 벗어던지고 승려가 되었다.

he crossed the yukon on a raft.
그는 뗏목을 타고 유콘강을 건넜다.

he sprawled his last to stimulate the economy.
그는 경제를 부양시키기 위해 최후의 노력을 하였다.

he taught me how to get orders by door-to-door canvassing.
그는 호별 방문을 통해 구독자를 늘리는 방법을 가르쳐주었다.

he crumpled (up) a letter into a ball.
그는 편지를 꼬깃꼬깃 뭉쳤다.

he explained the basis for the doctrine of the three in one.
그는 삼위일체론의 기본 원리를 설명했다.

he swept it out with a broom.
그는 빗자루로 바닥을 쓸었다.

he operates company his own self.
그는 독자적으로 회사를 운영한다.

he scored on a hook shot , and david lighty and jamar butler added layups.
그가 훅샷으로 점수를 냈고 , 이어서 david lighty 와 jamar bulter 가 레이업으로 득점했다.

he drew a fine picture of his future happiness.
미래의 행복을 공상해 보았다.

he drew an inference from the real evidences.
그는 그 물증들로부터 결론을 내렸다.

he grieved over the death of a young capable apprentice.
그는 젊고 유능한 제자의 죽음에 침통해했다.

he poured oil in the fire.
그는 일을 더 그르쳤다.

he cleaned out the bathroom with disinfectant.
그는 살균제로 욕실을 소독했다.

he propagated buddhism into the kingdom of silla.
그는 불교를 신라에 보급시켰다.

he prefaced the diaries with a short account of how they were discovered.
그는 그 일기집 서문에 그 일기들이 발견된 경위에 대해 짤막한 설명을 붙여 놓았다.

he prefaced his speech with an apology.
그는 먼저 사과를 하고 연설을 시작했다.

he tore the letter into pieces in a fit of anger.
그는 분김에 그 편지를 갈기갈기 찢었다.

he tore my letter into shreds because he did not want me to read it.
그는 내가 편지를 읽는 것을 원하지 않았기 때문에 그것을 갈기갈기 찢었다.

he tore his achilles tendon while training.
그는 훈련 중에 아킬레스건이 끊어졌다.

he stewed in his own juice about the household problem.
그는 가정문제에 대해 자업자득으로 괴로워하였다.

he cracked a mark in the hige jump.
그는 높이뛰기에서 기록을 깼다.

he cracked his whip and the horse leapt forward.
그가 채찍을 찰싹 갈기자 말이 앞으로 풀쩍 뛰었다.

he carries through anything which he has undertaken.
그는 한번 착수한 일은 꼭 단행한다.

he tends to overstate his case when talking politics.
그는 정치를 논할 때면 과장을 하는 경향이 있다.

he yelled so loud it reverberated throughout the whole house.
그는 온 집 안이 울리도록 고함쳤다.

he yelled and giggled with main brace well spliced.
그는 곤드레만드레 취하여 소리 지르고 웃었다.

he succeeded in founding out bullion.
그는 금괴를 찾아내는데 성공했다.

he tripped over his shoelace.
그는 자기 신발끈을 밟고 넘어졌다.

he woke up drenched with sweat , it was only a dream.
그는 땀에 젖어 깼지만 , 그것은 다행히 꿈이었습니다.

he woke his nine-year old son.
그는 아홉 살짜리 아들을 깨웠다.

he hoped to recuperate at least some of his losses.
그는 최소한 손실분의 일부라도 만회하기를 바랐다.

he hoped they would not feel affronted if they were not invited.
그는 그들이 초대를 못 받아도 상처받지 않기를 바랐다.

he dissected the anesthetized frog with address.
그는 솜씨 좋게 마취된 개구리를 해부했다.

he spiced his conversation with humorous anecdotes.
재미있는 일화를 넣어 그의 이야기에 흥취를 더했다.

he narrated the history of mexico on a tv program.
그는 tv 프로에서 멕시코 역사에 관해 설명했다.

he traced his great-grandfather back to manchuria.
그는 증조부의 발자취를 더듬어 만주로 갔다.

he resorted to all sorts of trickery to take over the company.
그는 회사를 손에 넣기 위해 온갖 권모술수를 다 썼다.

he professed to have no connection with that affair.
그는 그 사건과 관계가 없다고 공언했다.

he colored his painting in monochrome.
그는 그림을 단색으로 칠했다.

he admired her courage and constancy.
그는 그녀의 용기와 절개를 흠모했다.

he feared that his history with the mafia would be revealed.
그는 폭력 조직에 있었던 전력이 드러날까 봐 두려웠다.

he teaches concentration to future battlefield commanders at west point.
그는 미 육군 사관학교에서 장래에 야전군 지휘관이 될 생도들에게 정신집중법을 가르친다.

he trots the video tape out.
그는 그 비디오테이프를 꺼냈다.

he stresses the importance of keeping one's composure in a crisis.
그는 위기에 처했을 때 침착하게 대처하는 것이 중요하다고 힘주어 말했다.

he paused for a moment to collect himself.
그는 마음을 도사리려고 잠시 멈추었다.

he pointed up his remarks with apt illustrations.
그는 적절한 예를 들어 그의 소견을 강조했다.

he ^had to swallow his pride after his second defeat in the election.
그는 선거에서 두 번이나 떨어져 피눈물을 흘려야 했다.

he clashed the glass against the stone.
그는 유리잔을 돌에 던져 쨍그렁 깨버렸다.

he dreamed bad dream under constraint walked.
그는 일로 압박을 받아 악몽을 꾸었다.

he kissed the lady's hand with majesty.
그는 엄숙하게 그 숙녀의 손에 키스를 했다.

he pretended not to know the facts.
그는 사실을 모르는 체했다.

he throws virtually every pitch where he wants , art howe said.
" 그는 사실상 그가 원하는 곳이면 어디든 피칭할 수 있습니다 ," 아트 호위 감독이 말했다.

he writes in a clear style.
그는 글을 명쾌하게 쓴다.

he writes with a great command of detail on the most recherche topics.
그는 가장 희귀한 주제에 관해 세부묘사를 훌륭하게 구사하며 글을 쓴다.

he glances down at his hand , purses his lips and shrugs.
그는 손을 흘끗 내려다 보고 , 입을 다물고 그리고 어깨를 으쓱한다.

he secretly took her for a walk.
그는 은밀히 그녀를 산책에 데리고 갔다.

he happily admits to being a mummy's boy.
그는 흔쾌히 마마보이임을 인정했다.

he sweats at night. or he has night sweats.
그는 밤에 도한이 난다.

he stays alive , but only by a hair's breadth.
그는 간발의 차이로 겨우 살아났다.

he squeezed the lemon in the restroom.
그는 화장실에서 오줌을 누었다.

he acquitted himself brilliantly in the exams.
그는 시험에서 훌륭하게 실력 발휘를 했다.

he brilliantly shaded his face with a sun visor when passing a tollgate , not to be recorded on cctv.
그는 훌륭하게도 톨게이트를 지날 때 , cctv에 찍히지 않도록 차광판으로 그의 얼굴을 가렸습니다.

he bowed down when he saw the competent woman.
그는 그 유능한 여자를 보고 풀이 죽었다.

he bawled and squalled at john.
그는 존에게 고래고래 소리를 질렀다.

he smacked a fist into the palm of his hand.
그가 주먹쥔 손을 한 쪽 손바닥에 대고 탁 쳤다.

he smacked the lock with a hammer.
그는 망치로 자물쇠를 후려쳤다.

he bragged that he was the world's top skier.
그는 자기가 세계 최고의 스키 선수라고 큰소리쳤다.

he welcomes the tribunal and also approves of the individuals named to the special court.
그는 공식 선임된 이들 전범 재판소 판사들을 환영하면서 특별 판사로 임명된 개개인을 모두 지지했습니다. ?.

he rendered great service to this field.
그는 사계에 공헌한 바가 크다.

he rendered distinguished services in the korean war.
그는 한국 전쟁에서 두드러진 공적을 세웠다.

he understands that it is no use lamenting this fact.
그는 이 사실을 슬퍼하는 것이 아무 쓸모 없다는 것을 이해한다.

he sprayed his nose infection medicine into his nose.
그는 비염 치료제를 코에 분사했다.

he contacted a company named lazaron biotechnologies.
그는 라자론 바이오 테크놀로지스라는 회사에 연락했다.

he spoilt the fun of the company by his stinging irony.
그는 신랄하게 비꼼으로써 좌중의 흥을 깨뜨렸다.

he browbeat her into doing what he said.
그는 그녀를 윽박질러 자신의 말을 듣도록 했다.

he illustrated his point by using a simple diagram.
그는 간단한 도표를 그려 가며 요점을 설명했다.

he recommends the low-fat , low-glycemic index vegan diet.
그는 저지방 , 저혈당의 채식을 권장하고 있습니다.

he shone as a student , and i guess he was for real after all.
그는 학생 때부터 두각을 나타내더니만 역시 진짜 실력이 있었군.

he hops back on the horse and lopes away to where the unit is.
그가 말 위에 올라 부대가 있는 곳으로 다시 말을 몬다.

he labored to complete the task.
그는 그 일을 완성하려고 힘을 다했다.

he bravely held back his tears.
그는 용감하게 울음을 참았다.

he brags about his rich father.
그는 부자인 아버지를 자랑한다.

he hungrily devoured two bowls of rice.
그는 걸신들린 듯 밥 두 공기를 먹어 치웠다.

he majored in history at princeton.
그는 프린스턴에서 역사학을 전공했다.

he fastened the papers with a clip.
그는 서류를 클립에 끼웠다.

he dashed off leaving things scattered around the room.
그는 방에 물건을 이리저리 어질러 놓고는 급히 나갔다.

he retorted upon me for what i said.
그는 내가 한 말에 대해 반박했다.

he refuted the prosecutor's evidence bit by bit.
그는 검찰측 증거를 조목조목 반격했다.

he conjured them not to betray their country.
그는 그들에게 조국을 배반하지 말도록 간청했다.

he betook himself to his room.
그는 자기 방으로 갔다.

he plopped down onto the seat.
그는 자리에 풀썩 주저앉았다.

he scrutinized the men' s faces carefully , trying to work out who was lying.
그는 그 남자들의 얼굴을 조심스레 살피면서 누가 거짓말을 하고 있는지 알아내려 했다.

he overcame his difficulties by his indomitable willpower.
그는 불굴의 의지로 어려움을 극복했다.

he snuggled down under the bedclothes.
그는 이불 속으로 파고들어 갔다.

he basks in his wife's admiration.
그는 자기 아내의 칭찬에 녹는다.

he buys dirtcheap and charges high.
그는 헐값에 사서 비싸게 판다.

he marched off , seething with frustration.
그는 부글거리는 좌절감을 안고 걸어가 버렸다.

he dribbled a bit and then put the ball through the hoop.
그는 공을 드리블하고 골인시켰다.

he dribbled past two defenders and scored a magnificent goal.
그가 수비수 두 명을 제치고 공을 드리블해 가서 멋진 골을 넣었다.

he continuously set new goals for himself.
그는 자신 앞에 끊임없이 새로운 목표를 내걸었다.

he sequestered himself this fall.
올 가을에 그는 은퇴했다.

he spat out his gum when it lost its sweet taste.
그는 껌을 단물만 빨아 먹고 뱉었다.

he crossbred regular pigs and special pygmy pigs from new zealand to give birth to pennywell miniature pigs.
그는 페니웰 미니어처 돼지들을 낳기 위해 뉴질랜드산 보통의 돼지들과 특별히 아주 작은 돼지들을 교배했습니다.

he crooned along on his way to work.
그는 일하러 가면서 콧노래를 불렀다.

he criticised the lack of responsibility among bank directors , and called for more transparency.
그는 책임 의식이 결여된 은행 책임자들을 비난했고 투명성을 요구했다.

he nailed his flag to the mast.
그는 태도를 분명히 했다.

he divested himself of his jacket.
그는 재킷을 벗었다.

he cornered and captured a snake.
그는 뱀을 구석으로 몰아서 사로잡았다.

he didn' t offer any constructive criticism -- just complained he didn' t like it.
그는 건설적인 비평을 하지 않았다. 단지 그게 마음에 들지 않는다고 불평했을 뿐이다.

he confided to her that his hair was not his own.
그는 그녀에게 자신의 머리칼이 가발이라고 고백했다.

he whispered to me in the class.
그는 수업 중에 나에게 속삭였다.

he embezzled company funds to pay for his vacation.
그는 휴가 비용을 위해서 회사 공금을 횡령했다.

he yearns to have a companion and to be loved.
그는 동반자를 갖길 갈망하고 또한 사랑받길 원한다.

he rejoiced in the name of owen owen.
그는 오언 오언이라는 우스꽝스러운 이름을 가지고 있었다.

he timed the race with a stopwatch for children.
그는 아이들을 위해서 스톱워치로 경주 시간을 재주었어.

he clung to her , desperate and crying.
그는 그녀에게 울며불며 매달렸다.

he chiseled the statue from a rock.
그는 돌을 쪼아 조각상을 만들었다.

he regrets that he got among the hooligans.
그는 폭력조직에 가담한것을 후회한다.

he pushes horus down the remaining steps.
그는 호루스를 남은 계단 밑으로 밀친다.

he commits everything to memory. or he learns everything by heart.
그는 무엇이든지 암기한다.

he stomped out of the room in high dudgeon.
그는 화가 나서 발을 쿵쾅거리며 방을 나갔다.

he disengaged himself from the prejudice.
그는 편견으로부터 해방됐다.

he hold's up a dental cast.
그는 치열모형을 들어올렸다.

he deftly removed his glasses before she sat on them.
그는 그녀가 유리잔 위에 앉기 전에 눈치 채지 못하게 그 잔들을 치웠다.

he squandered away almost all his fortune.
그는 대부분의 재산을 탕진했다.

he daubed some grease on the door hinge.
그 사람은 문 경첩에 기름칠을 했다.

he honed the blades on his hunting knife to a fine edge.
그는 사냥칼의 날을 갈아서 예리한 칼날로 만들었다.

he gulped down the water to stop the hiccups.
그는 딸꾹질을 멈추려고 물을 들이켰다.

he hath (has) eaten me out of house and home. (william shakespeare).
저 자는 내게서 집과 가정을 앗아갔다. (윌리엄 셰익스피어 , 음식명언).

he hammered the door with his fists.
그가 주먹으로 문을 쾅쾅 두드렸다.

he lurched through the bar , grinning inanely.
차가 급발진하는 바람에 사고를 낼 뻔했다.

he ushered the ladies to their seats.
그는 숙녀들을 자리로 안내했다.

he standed in hall perfectly motionless.
그는 복도에 완전히 까딱도 않고 서 있었다.

he sculptured a mermaid in stone.
그는 돌로 인어상을 조각했다.

he outsold all his colleagues last month.
그는 지난달 다른 동료들보다 가장 높은 판매실적을 기록했다.

he fidgeted , smiled nervously and said nothing.
그는 꼼지락거리고 , 초조하게 웃으며 아무말도 하지 않았다.

he vacillated for too long and the opp to accept was lost.
그는 너무 오랫동안 머뭇거렸고 받아들일 기회를 잃었다.

he pompously paid for the drinks and left the bar.
그는 호기롭게 술값을 내고 술집을 나섰다.

he reappears as drunk as a skunk several hours later.
몇시간후 그는 곤드레만드레 취해서 다시 나타났다.

he squinted his eyes and looked at the floor.
그의 왼쪽 눈은 약간 사시이다.

he ^searched high and low for his lost son.
그는 잃어버린 아들을 찾기 위해 백방으로 수소문하고 다녔다.

he vomited all he had eaten.
그는 먹은 걸 모두 게워 냈다.

is not it on the work bench ?.
작업대 위에 없어요 ?.

is not there anyone you know who won the lottery ?.
네 주위에 복권에 당첨된 사람 없니 ?.

is the full moon twice as bright as the half moon ?.
보름달은 반달보다 2배 밝을까 ?.

is the distance short enough to walk ?.
걸어가도 될 만큼 가까운 거리인가요 ?.

is the concept of a public service an anachronism ?.
공공 서비스의 개념이 구시대적인 발상인가 ?.

is this a camera or something ?.
이거 사진기같은 뭐 그런 거야 ?.

is this what you want to bay ?.
니가 사고 싶은 것이 이것이니 ?.

is this your first visit to switzerland ?.
스위스에는 처음 오신 건가요 ?.

is this your bag , missus ?.
이 가방 당신 건가요 , 부인 ?.

is this agnosticism ? i do not know.
이게 불가지론입니까 ? 저는 잘 모르겠습니다.

is this supposed to be the twist or the hokey pokey ?.
이 춤을 트위스트로 보아야 합니까 ? 아니면 호키포키라고 해야 합니까 ?.

is this frog a prince in disguise ?.
이 개구리가 변장한 왕자일까요 ?.

is this puny thing my birthday present ?.
이 조그만 게 내 생일 선물이야 ?.

is this drinkable water ?.
이것 마실 수 있는 물이야 ?.

is to be able to use the money in a way that educates , helps , nurtures young girls and women around the world.
세계의 어린 소녀들과 여성들을 교육하고 돕고 양육하는 데에 이 돈을 쓰고 싶습니다.

is it necessary to use a mouthwash ?.
구강 세척액을(가그린을) 사용하는 것이 필요한가요 ?.

is it necessary to use a mouthwash ?.
please hold on (tight). sudden stops are sometimes necessary.(게시).

is it necessary to use a mouthwash ?.
꼭 붙잡으세요 부득이 급정거하는 일이 있습니다.

is it ok if i post the cheque to you next week ?.
수표를 다음주에 우송해 드려도 될까요 ?.

is it achievable ?.
실천 가능한가 ?.

is there a pharmacy on this block ?.
이 블록에 약국이 있나요 ?.

is there a memorable performance for you ?.
기억에 남는 공연이 있습니까 ?.

is there a drugstore around here ?.
이 근처에 약국이 있나요 ?.

is there a drugstore near here ?.
이 근처에 약국이 있나요 ?.

is there a lavatory near here ?.
근처에 공중화장실은 있어요 ?.

is there a petting zoo for kids ?.
아이들이 동물을 만져볼 수 있는 동물원도 있나요 ?.

is there any other science lurking out there ?.
다른 과학기술이 잠재되어 있나요 ?.

is there any extra charge for gift-wrapping ?.
선물용으로 포장하는데 추가로 비용이 드나요 ?.

is that one way or round trip ?.
편도입니까. 왕복입니까 ?.

is korea the standout economy in asia at this stage ?.
현재 한국 경제가 아시아에서 두각을 나타내고 있는 게 사실인가요 ?.

is google buying twitter ? i hope not , having read this.
구글은 트위터를 사들일까 ? 난 이것을 읽고 그것이 진실이 아니길 바란다.

a.
한.

a bus collided with a taxi at the corner.
버스와 택시가 모퉁이에서 충돌했다.

a sun shield is available at extra cost.
따로 돈을 더 내시면 일광차단막도 구입이 가능합니다.

a smoke detector can potentially save lives.
연기감지기는 잠재적으로 인명을 구할 수 있다.

a word to the wise is helpful in hard times.
명언은 힘들 때 도움이 된다.

a work breakdown structure-based process model for construction planning and scheduling.
작업 분류 체계를 기초로 한 공사 계획 프로세스.

a to j.
맹장.

a to j.
부록을 붙이다.

a week before new year's day , it is a custom to buy a carp and put it in a bucket of water in front of the house's altar.
새해 일주일 전에는 잉어 한 마리를 사서 양동이에 넣어 집에 모신 제단 위에 올리는 것이 관습이다.

a week ago bournemouth beach was thronged with sunbathers soaking up the 80 degrees heat.
남반부의 변모하는 생활 양식 호주는 맑고 푸른 물과 , 햇볕을 흠뻑 받고 있는 일광욕자들로 뒤덮인 흰 모래 해변으로 오래 전부터 잘 알려져 왔다.

a week later , she named a woman as provost.
일주일 후 그녀는 여성 교무처장을 임명했다.

a promise made under compulsion is not binding.
강제된 약속은 무효이다.

a water overuse surcharge was added to the bill for the month of august.
수도 초과 사용료가 8월 고지서에 합산돼 나왔다.

a live recording made at wembley arena.
웸블리 아레나에서의 실황 녹음.

a look of annoyance crossed her face.
그녀의 얼굴에 짜증스런 표정이 스쳤다.

a serious shortage in operating funds has caused the closure of many overseas facilities.
심각한 운영 자금 부족으로 대다수의 해외 공장이 문을 닫게 되었다.

a room without books is like a body without a soul. (cicero).
책 없는 방은 영혼 없는 육체와도 같다. (키케로 , 독서명언).

a hotel with a swimming pool and sauna.
수영장과 사우나가 있는 호텔.

a great irony is found in oedipus's decree condemning the murderer.
가장 큰 아이러니는 바로 , 오이디푸스가 살인자를 찾아내려고 결심하는 부분에서 찾을 수 있다.

a man is painting the wall of a flower shop.
한 남자가 꽃 가게의 벽을 칠하고 있다.

a man is riding a bicycle.
남자가 자전거를 타고 있다.

a man is stirring batter in the bowl.
남자가 그릇에 담긴 반죽을 젓고 있다.

a man is feeding the horse.
남자가 말에게 먹이를 주고 있다.

a man lived alone in the countryside with only his dog for company.
한 남자가 시골에서 개를 벗삼아 혼자 살고 있었다.

a man of great consequence in literature.
문학계의 중진.

a man of straw is likely to put on airs.
되지 못한 놈이 고달을 부리는 법이다.

a man had to wear his schoolteacher hat.
사내는 교사의 역할을 해야 했다.

a man was so proud of himself wearing a badge.
사내는 기장을 단 것을 자랑스럽게 여겼다.

a man was arrested for attempting to throw himself at a torchbearer along the route in sinchon.
한 남자는 신촌의 길의 성화 봉송자에게 몸을 날리려 해서 체포되었습니다.

a man sound on the goose.
사상이 온건한 남자.

a man ran amuck and set fire to buildings.
한 남자가 미친 듯이 날뛰며 건물에 불을 질렀다.

a man trained an ant to dance for twenty years , wishing to be listed in the guinness book of world records.
한 남자가 기네스북에 오르려고 20년 간 개미가 춤추도록 훈련을 시켰다.

a man drank a beer by a neck.
사내는 맥주를 병째로 마셨다.

a man whipped off his coat , as soon as he came into the room.
사내는 그 방에 들어오자 마자 웃옷을 홱 벗었다.

a feeling of constriction in the chest.
가슴이 조이는 느낌.

a feeling of unease nagged at her.
한 가닥의 불안감이 계속 그녀를 괴롭혔다.

a noise reduction plan from water feeding system in apartment bathroom used alc.
alt가 사용된 apt 욕실의 급수 소음 대책.

a book that i highly recommend.
내가 강하게 추천하던 책.

a lot of the earth's surface does not have a temperate climate.
온화한 기후의 지표가 많지 않다.

a lot of people read their horoscope every day in newspapers or magazines.
많은 사람들이 매일 신문이나 잡지에서 자신의 별점을 읽는다.

a lot of that improvement has come from increased computing power ; moore's law states that computing power doubles every 18 months , but improvements in other technologies have served to amplify that already impressive acceleration , so that seti's searching power doubles every nine months or so.
이러한 개선의 대부분은 전산능력의 증대에서 온다. 무어의 법칙은 전산능력이 18개월마다 배로 늘어난다고 제시했지만 다른 기술의 발전은 이미 대단한.

a lot of that improvement has come from increased computing power ; moore's law states that computing power doubles every 18 months , but improvements in other technologies have served to amplify that already impressive acceleration , so that seti's searching power doubles every nine months or so.
수준에 오른 전산능력 증가속도를 더욱 촉진하는데 공언해왔다.

a lot of us are worshiping money without compunction.
우리들 중 많은 사람들이 망설임 없이 돈을 숭배하고 있다.

a lot of cloak-and-dagger activity was involved in the designation of the director.
그 장관의 임명에 있어 상당한 음모가 있었다.

a lot of preparatory work is needed before we can begin the project.
우리는 그 기획을 시작하기 전에 많은 준비 작업이 필요하다.

a lot of improvements would have to be made before the building was habitable.
그 건물이 사람이 살 만한 상태가 되기까지는 많은 개선이 이루어져야 할 것이다.

a world cup qualifier.
월드컵 예선 경기.

a better antidote to hysteria can not be imagined.
히스테리에 대해서 이보다 더 좋은 해독제는 있을 수 없다.

a study , which according to the researchers was a success.
연구는 성공이었다는 게 연구자들의 자평입니다.

a study the use of emergent shape semantics for architectural design in caad system.
caad 시스템에서 건축 디자인을 위한 의외성 시각패턴의 사용에 관한 연구.

a study to activate the financial support businesses of the korea construction financial cooperative.
건설공제조합의 금융 지원 사업 활성화 방안 연구.

a study of a conduction cooling system of a hts smes system.
고온초전도체 smes 장치의 전도냉각시스템 연구.

a study of the wind pressure coefficient for tall buildings.
연구원 활동 : 발표논문요약 ; lt ; 건축공학분야 gt ;.

a study of the numerical method on the molecular transition flow for the rotating blades.
회전날개주위 분자천이유동의 수치해석방법에 관한 연구.

a study of the architectural acoustic design of the multipurpose hall.
다목적 홀의 건축음향설계 사례연구.

a study of the selection and development of well-performed asphalt binder in considering various environmental factors.
환경인자를 고려한 적정아스팔트 선정과 개발에 관한 연구(2차년도).

a study of the mutual relativity between ecology and architectural environment.
생태학 건축환경과의 상호관련성에 관한 연구.

a study of the luminous environment according to the direction of classrooms and response of the students.
교실의 방위에 따른 빛 환경과 재실자의 반응연구.

a study of the stall keeper utilization and improvement in life area.
생활공간에 있어서 노점상의 이용과 개선방안에 관한 연구.

a study of local ventilation hood for improvement with zinc plating process.
아연도금 공정시 국소환기 후드 개선에 관한 연구.

a study of space change of public library adapting to ubiquitous technology.
유비쿼터스 기술을 적용한 현대 공공도서관의 공간변화에 대한 연구.

a study of architectural planning for the influence of signboard on commercial district buildings facades.
간판이 상가건물 facade에 미치는 영향에 대한 건축계획적인 연구.

a study of timber resource management model in the national forests.
국유림 목재자원관리 모델 연구 : 목표계획법을 응용한 목재생산을 중심으로.

a study of modelling a supply and demand outlook system of korean chestnut.
밤의 수급 전망모형 구축에 관한 연구.

a study of metal workers has found that exposure to 2 percent beryllium copper alloy can cause chronic beryllium disease.
금속 노동자들을 대상으로 한 조사에서 2% 베릴륨 구리 합금에 노출되면 만성 베릴륨병에 걸릴 위험이 있다는 결과가 나왔다.

a study of present housing coordination through analysing the classification of interior design.
실내디자인 스타일 유형화에 따른 주거 코디네이트 연출방법에 관한 연구.

a study of site-specific design ground motions in earthquake-resistant design for geotechnical structures.
지반구조물 내진설계시 부지특성을 고려한 설계 지반운동연구.

a study of correlation between dca and whs in fin-and-tube heat exchanger.
핀-관 열교환기에서 동적접촉각과 물맺힘량과의 상관관계에 관한 연구.

a study of particle diffusion from a cavity in flow tube.
유동관에 형성된 cavity 로부터의 입자확산현상 연구.

a study of distributional characteristics of neighbor hood facilities in metropolitan area.
대도시의 자연발생적 생활편익시설의 분포특성에 관한 연구.

a study of fem analysis to evaluate restrain-performance of surface-finishes for carbonation.
콘크리트 표면마감재의 탄산화 억제성능 평가를 위한 fem 해석연구.

a study of moment-rotation relationship for cft column-to-beam connections.
cft 기둥-보 접합부의 모멘트-회전각 관계에 관한 연구.

a study of temporality in the architecture of ancient egypt.
고대 이집트 건축에서 시간요소가 건축계획에 미친 영향에 관한 연구.

a study about the factors influenced on disparity of the southern and northern part of seoul.
서울시 강남 ? 북 지역의 불균형 요인에 관한 연구.

a study about harmony color angle of traditional color image.
전통 색채이미지의 배색각도에 관한 연구.

a study on a sequence view of multiple dwelling zone.
집합주택단지 sequence 경관에 관한 연구.

a study on the room size with reference to the resident's activity pattern.
거주자 행위패턴에 의한 주거공간의 규모에 관한 연구.

a study on the open space in the elementary school from the standpoint of architectural planning : an analysis of the situations of establishment and usin.
국민학교의 다목적 스페이스에 대한 건축계획적 연구.

a study on the building style of the buddhist temple , in the middle period of the cho-sun dynasty.
조선중기 사찰건축 양식에 대한 연구.

a study on the population projection of the urban master plan.
부산광역권 도시기본계획 인구추계에 관한 연구.

a study on the small group space of university dormitory.
대학 기숙사의 소규모 그룹공간에 관한 연구.

a study on the use of schematic design at architectural design practice in korea.
건축설계 실무행위에 있어서 계획설계의 수행에 관한 연구.

a study on the social cognition of m.x.d. in the downtown area of seoul focused on the salaried men in the downtown area.
도심 주상 복합개발에 관한 사회인식 연구.

a study on the effect of a traffic information on driver's diversion behavior.
교통정보가 운전자 노선전환행태에 미치는 영향에 관한 연구.

a study on the effect of kinds of cement and superplasticizer on the fluidity and engineering properties of high flowing concrete.
고유동 콘크리트의 유동특성 및 공학적 특성에 미치는 시멘트 및 sp제 종류의 영향에 관한 연구.

a study on the solar distillation in a cube with tilted angles.
경사진 육면체에서의 태양열에 의한 증발효과에 대한 연구.

a study on the evaluation of the chloride content in hardened concrete.
경화 콘크리트 내 염화물량 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the evaluation of the water-soluble chloride content and free-chloride content in cement pastes.
시멘트 페이스트 내 자유염화물량과 물가용성 염화물량 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the evaluation and characteristics of plumbing noise in building.
건축 설비소음의 특성 및 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the evaluation methodology for naturality of biotope by utilizing lidar (light detection and ranging).
라이다 데이터를 활용한 비오톱의 자연성 평가 방법론.

a study on the performance of an absorption heat transformer with process simulation.
프로세스 시뮬레이션에 의한 제2종 흡수식 열펌프 성능에 관한 연구.

a study on the planning of the chancel space in modern church.
현대 교회건축의 강단부 계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the planning of daycare facilities as regional character : focused on pusan area status.
지역적 특성을 고려한 보육시설 계획방향에 관한 연구.

a study on the planning model for the suburban environmentally friendly housing estate.
도시근교형 환경친화적 주거단지계획 모델에 관한 연구.

a study on the system of selecting retaining walls using neural network.
neural network를 이용한 흙막이 공법 선정 시스템에 관한 연구.

a study on the system for optimum waterproofing method to building parts.
건물의 적정 방수설계 시스템 개발에 관한 연구.

a study on the quality housing component certification system.
주택의 부품화와 부품산업의 활성화 방안.

a study on the operation characteristics of the sintered metal wick type heat pipe.
sintered metal wick형 히트파이프의 작동특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the housing planning in 23 wards of the tokyo metropolitan area.
동경도 특별구의 주택시책에 관한 연구.

a study on the housing space norm of the apartment inhabitant in the large city.
대도시 집합주택 거주자의 주거공간 규모규범에 관한 연구.

a study on the housing purchase behavior by multiple discriminant analysis.
다중 판별분석을 이용한 주택 구매 행위 분석.

a study on the structural performance of hybrid studs subjected to compression and torsion.
압축과 비틂을 동시에 받는 복합스터드의 구조적 성능에 관한 연구.

a study on the structural optimization for geodesic dome.
지오데식 돔의 구조최적화에 대한 연구.

a study on the space organization and characteristics of dwelling's disposition in clan village , okgol.
옻골 경주최씨 씨족마을의 공간구성과 주거의 배치 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the space programming of pharmacy department in korean herb medicine hospital.
한방병원 약제부의 공간계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the space composition and character of the baroque theater.
바로크 극장의 공간구성 및 특성에 관한 기초적 연구.

a study on the behavior of wall -shaped cantilever-.
벽장 켄틸레버의 격동에 관한 고찰.

a study on the analysis of area for the planning of diagnostic imaging department.
영상의학부 공간계획을 위한 면적분석에 관한 연구.

a study on the analysis of preference degree about form harmony with environmental moulding and surrounding in rousing complex.
주거단지 내 환경조형물과 주변환경과의 형태조화에 대한 선호도 분석.

a study on the analysis and the up-to-date adaptation of korea traditional dwelling house by the ecological approach.
생태적 접근방법에 의한 한국 전통주거 분석과 그 현대적 수용.

a study on the strength capacity and safety of high strength aluminum alloy bridge barrier systems.
고강도 알루미늄 합금 교량용 방호울타리 시스템의 강도 및 안정성에 관한 연구.

a study on the type analysis of the paradigm in daegu modern housing.
패러다임 유형분류에 의한 대구근대주거건축에 관한 연구.

a study on the development of the construction capability evaluation model of the bidder.
입찰자의 시공능력 평가모형 개발에 관한 연구.

a study on the development of delegation alternatives in infrastructure maintenance assuming the separation of infrastructure from train operation.
건설/운영 분리에 따른 시설유지보수 위탁방안 개발(요약).

a study on the development of wastewater and stormwater recycling technique in the residential complex( iv ).
green town 개발사업 iv : 환경부분.

a study on the development of cast-in-place aerated concrete panel for sandwiches panel alternation.
샌드위치 패널 대체형 현장 타설 기포콘크리트 패널 개발 연구.

a study on the development and implementation of fairy tale narration system with parents voice color.
부모의 음색이 고려된 동화구연시스템의 개발 및 구현에 관한 연구.

a study on the method to analyze the influence of energy factors on energy consumption in office buildings.
사무소 건물 에너지 인자의 영향력 분석방법에 관한 연구.

a study on the method and planning characteristics of environment-friendly skyscraper - focused on the analysis of environment- friendly skyscraper in other countries.
친환경 초고층 건축 계획 특성 및 기법에 관한 연구.

a study on the architectural planning of a maternity ward focused on rooming-in system.
모자동실 개념을 중심으로 한 산과 병동의 건축계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the architectural planning of a maternity ward focused on rooming-in system.
그래서 전 출산 휴가가 끝날 때까지 눌러 있게 됐고 그 일을 너무나 좋아하게 됐습니다.

a study on the architectural planning of the hospice ward in a general hospital.
종합병원 병동형 호스피스에 관한 건축계획적 연구.

a study on the architectural characteristics in the course of the formation and the change of japanese concession in busan.
부산 일본전관거류지의 형성과 변화에서 나타난 건축적 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the architectural facility standards of accessible seating in theaterculture architecture.
공연시설에서의 장애인 객석 개선방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the architectural color palette based on kandinsky's colors of paintings.
칸딘스키 회화의 색에 기초한 건축적 색채팔레트연구.

a study on the architectural appropriateness to the ceremony and other activities in conjunction with the change of chronological significance in a cathedral.
시대적 의미변화에 따른 성당의 예배의식과 의식 후 활동의 건축적 적합성에 관한 연구.

a study on the design of indoor common space in the multiple dwelling housing.
집합주택에서 실내 공용공간 디자인에 관한 연구.

a study on the design process by prototype method.
프로토타입을 활용한 설계프로세스개념에 관한 고찰.

a study on the design factors of the community facilities concentrated for the public.
지역문화시설의 공공성과 계획요소에 관한 연구.

a study on the flow pattern in vertical upward gas injected model.
수직상향 기체주입 모델에서 유동구조에 관한 연구.

a study on the flow characteristics in ejector linking inhale duct.
흡입관에 부착된 이젝터내의 유동특성 관한 연구.

a study on the buckling strength of centrally compressed stainless steel tubular columns.
중심압축하중을 받는 스테인리스 강관 기둥의 좌굴내력에 관한 연구.

a study on the optimization methodology for air-conditioning system operating strategies.
공조시스템 운전의 최적화 방법론에 관한 연구.

a study on the capacity estimation of power facility and the analysis of harmonics in the inverter elevators.
인버터승강기의 동력설비용량산정 및 고조파 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the heat exchange performance for the liquid based solar thermal storage.
liquid based solar thermal storage를 위한 열교환성능에 관한 연구-태양에너지(한국태양에너지학회 논문집) v.5 n.2.

a study on the effects of the introduction of web-based purchasing systems on the buyer-supplier relationship.
2000년도 한국경영과학회 추계학술대회 및 정기총회.

a study on the sense of place of the jong-ja architecture observing by lt ; kyounggt ;.
'경' 으로 본 정자건축의 장소성에 관한 연구.

a study on the sound insulation of the horizontally sliding windows.
건축용 미서기창의 차음성에 관한 실험적 연구.

a study on the change of area division in accordance with each room of the unit plan of apartment.
아파트의 단위세대 각 실별 면적배분 변천 연구.

a study on the indoor environrnental characteristics of office buildings with underfloor air-conditioning system.
사무소 건물에서 바닥취출 공조시스템의 실내환경 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the condition of air pollution near tollbooths on highway.
고속도로 요금소 주변의 대기오염 현황에 관한 연구.

a study on the alternative for activating adaptation and diffusion of unit bathroom system.
건식욕실의 적용 및 보급 활성화를 위한 방안연구.

a study on the kind of construction waste in housing environment amelioration area for a unit of construction waste.
건축폐기물 원단위 산정을 위한 주거환경개선지구 내 건설폐기물 발생 종류에 관한 연구.

a study on the uses and awareness of curtain.
커튼사용의 실태와 의식에 관한 연구.

a study on the environmental performance using the reflective glass as building envelope material.
건설외피의 반사유리 사용에 따른 실내환경성능에 관한 연구.

a study on the environmental design evaluation model based on the cognitive gap between users and design.
사용자와 설계자의 인식차를 고려한 환경디자인 평가모델 개발연구.

a study on the spiritual meaning in elements of church buildings : through the analysis of the sacred places in the old testament dispensation.
교회 건축의 요소들에 나타난 영적 의미에 관한 연구.

a study on the light in louis kahn's works.
루이스 칸의 작품에서 빛에 대한 고찰.

a study on the sustainable proceed direction of urban-rehabilitation project.
바림직한 도시정비사업 추진방안.

a study on the urban design guidelines in detached housing area for residential townscape.
단독주택지 경관개선을 위한 도시설계지침에 관한 연구.

a study on the case studies and planning criteria of housing site development in mountainous hilly areas.
산지 , 구릉지 택지개발 사례 및 계획기준 조사연구.

a study on the des ign change and of the anglican church rectory in onsuri , ganghwa is land.
강화 온수리 성공회 성당과 사제관 디자인 변형에 대한 조사연구.

a study on the establishment of lighting standards for protecting the visual interferences in visual display terminal(vdt) work spaces.
wdt 작업공간의 시각장해 방지를 위한 조명기준 설정에 관한 연구 (1) : crt 화면상의 반사 글래어(glare) 방지를 위한 실험.

a study on the maintenance of the design database consistency using knowledge bases.
지식베이스를 이용한 건축설계 데이타베이스의 일관성 유지에 관한 연구.

a study on the structure analysis including the creep and shrinkage effects.
장기 변형을 고려한 구조 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the s/w development the for the processing of avatars behavior and interaction.
분신의 행동양식처리 및 상호작용 s/w 개발에 관한 연구.

a study on the group civil petition and in process of urban development administration.
도시개발행정의 전개와 집단민원.

a study on the unit plan of smart silver town according to changeable life style.
라이프스타일의 변화에 따른 스마트 실버타운 단위평면계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the thermal structure of premixed combustor with swirling folw.
예혼합족회연소기의 열구조에 관한 연구.

a study on the thermal properties of felt insulator with reflective foil inserted.
반사재를 넣은 충진형 단열 차단막의 열적 성능에 대한 연구.

a study on the process of change of the bracket members in korean traditional wooden architecture.
한국목조건축에 있어 공포부재의 변천과정에 관한 연구.

a study on the problems off-in threshold analysis.
장애요인구분(threshold analysis)의 평가와 고찰.

a study on the designing characteristics of the korean-style house preservation district in seoul.
서울시 한옥보존지구의 의장적 특성에 관한 조사연구.

a study on the direction of the performance warranty contracting in public constructions.
공공건설공사의 성능보증계약제도 도입방향.

a study on the management information system for supporting the supervision of construction workplace.
건설감리실무 지원을 위한 정보관리시스템 구축에 관한연구.

a study on the management and use of land in the development restricted zones.
개발제한구역내 토지의 관리와 활용에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of concrete using ae water reducing agents of early-strength type.
조기강도 발현형 ae감수제를 사용한 콘크리트의 강도 발현 특성 연구.

a study on the characteristics of concrete using pulverized granulated blast-furnace slag.
고로 슬래그 미분말을 사용한 콘크리트의 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of heat transfer in quadrangle duct with solar absorber plate.
태양열 집열면이 있는 4각 덕트 내의 열전달 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of high tensile strength steel (sm570) plates in beam-column members.
고장력(sm570) 강재의 기둥재 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of mass flow rate and noise in short tube orifices.
short tube orifice의 유동 및 소음특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of flexibility in interior architectural composition : focused on mathematical arrangement organization.
실내공간구성의 가변적 표현특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of topological invariant expression in the space of digital architecture.
디지털건축공간에 나타난 위상기하학적 불변항의 표현특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of anthropomorphic analogical in contemporary architecture.
현대건축의 신체유추 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of transparency in the architecture of toyo ito.
이토 도요 건축에서 나타나는 투명성의 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristics of waterless urinal system.
설비 측면에서 본 물 안쓰는 소변기의 특성 고찰.

a study on the neighborhood unit of newtown planning.
신도시의 근린생활권계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the transition of house plan in lishu settlement of tumen riverside.
두만강 북안 조선족 이수마을 주택평면의 변화.

a study on the transition of amendment of building codes.
건축법 개정의 변천에 관한 연구.

a study on the transition phenomena of architecture space.
건축공간의 전이현상에 관한 연구.

a study on the application of friction pendulum system in main control room of nuclear power plant.
마찰진자를 이용한 면진장치의 원전 주 제어실 적용에 관한 연구.

a study on the application of nonplanar projections in cad.
cad 에서 곡면투영의 응용에 관한 연구.

a study on the application of yang_tag theory of the houses in the late chosun period.
조선후기 주택의 양택론 적용에 관한 연구.

a study on the application method of ubiquitous technical element to building.
유비쿼터스 시스템의 건물적용방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the application model of design-build practice in bidding and contracting construction projects.
건설공사의 설계 , 시공 일괄입찰 및 계약제도 활성화 방안에 관한 연구(연구).

a study on the improvement of bus stop amenity for the pedestrian space.
보행공간의 쾌적성 향상을 위한 버스정류장 정비계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the improvement of air vent system in pipping.
공기변 설치개선에 관한 연구.

a study on the improvement of streetscape in kwang-bok ro.
광복로 가로경관 개선에 관한 연구.

a study on the improvement method of settlement environment in rural area.
농촌정주환경의 정비수법에 관한 연구.

a study on the improvement directions of construction supervision system.
연구성과 발표회 , 제9회 : 건설감리제도 발전방안 연구.

a study on the assessment of indoor environment of office building with underfloor air-conditioning (ufac) system.
바닥취출 공조방식(ufac) 을 적용한 사무소 건물의 실내 환경 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the assessment methods of environmentally friendly exterior-space in housing complex : focused on the apartment housing complex in pun-dang.
주거단지 외부공간의 환경친화도 평가방법에 대한 연구.

a study on the standard of the distance between apartment houses for assurance of the optimum sunshine hours.
적정 일조시간 확보를 위한 공동주택의 인동거리 기준에 관한 연구.

a study on the user participated unit plan designing in apartment housing.
사용자 참가에 의한 공동주택의 단위주호 계획방향에 관한 연구.

a study on the required supply water temperature calculating method for the control of multizone radiant floor heating system.
멀티존 온돌난방제어를 위한 필요공급온수온도 산출법에 관한 연구.

a study on the optimum design configuration of ti-wall and mass-wall system by sensitivity analysis.
민감도 분석에 의한 투명단열재를 적용한 축열벽 시스템의최적구성 선정에 관한 연구.

a study on the optimum facility systems for the high-rise apartment house.
초고층 아파트 최적설비 시스템에 관한 소고.

a study on the estimation of amplification factor for vertical vibration of building.
건축물의 수직진동 증폭계수 산정에 관한 기초연구.

a study on the actual state of indoor-air and thermal environment of operating surgeon.
병원수술실의 공기 및 열환경 실태에 관한 연구.

a study on the mechanical characteristics of spirally confined concrete columns.
횡구속 콘크리트 기둥의 역학적 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the expression korea characteristics of contemporary interior space by minimalism.
미니멀리즘을 통한 현대실내공간의 한국성 표현에 관한 연구.

a study on the usage of sunken spaces in high-rise building.
고층건물의 sunken공간 활용에 관한 연구.

a study on the creative discourse structure of le corbusier's 'les 4 compositions'.
르 꼬르뷔지에의 '4구성'에 담긴 창조적 진술구조 연구.

a study on the operating characteristics in a helical screw agitator with a draught tube.
드래프트 관 장착 나선형 교반장치의 작동 특성 연구.

a study on the augmentation of thermal efficiency and the development for the fluidized bed combustor utilizing korean low grade anthracite coals.
국산 저질무연탄 연소용 유동층 연소로 개발 및 열효율 증대에 관한 연구.

a study on the stochastic assignment model in the consideration of path overlapping.
노선의 중복을 노여한 확률노선배정모형 연구.

a study on the dimensional standardization of residential spaces for the elderly.
고령자를 위한 주거시설 치수 표준화 연구.

a study on the dimensional tolerance analysis for establishing component-systematized building production.
건축부품화 생산기반 구축을 위한 시공오차 실태분석 연구.

a study on the proper stage of the traditional mask dramas.
전통가면극공연장의 건축계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the physical properties of ubiquitous space.
유비쿼터스 공간의 물리특성 연구.

a study on the physical properties of polymer cement mortar as restorative materials by formation of raw materials.
원재료 조성에 따른 폴리머 시멘트 모르타르 보수재의 물리적 성상변화에 대한 연구.

a study on the utility conditions and efficient utility of detached housing area.
단독주택용지의 이용실태와 효율적 이용방안.

a study on the selection of capillary tube for air dryer system using r407c.
r407c를 사용한 공기건조기의 모세관 선정에 관한 연구.

a study on the factors to distinguish reusing or not of the building.
건축물의 보전 여부 판별을 위한 인자에 관한 연구.

a study on the factors of efflorescence on the brick masonry walls.
조적조 백화현상 발생요인에 관한 연구.

a study on the factors affecting the intention to revisit a web site.
2001년 한국 경영학회(21세기 한국기업의 디지털경영).

a study on the color of signboards design for regional characteristics.
지역특성에 따른 간판 색채에 관한 연구.

a study on the formal relativity between the in modern architectural forming and the modern sculpture.
현대건축의 조형과 현대조각의 조형적 상관성에 관한 연구.

a study on the utilization and combustion model of mobile incineration system.
저공해 이동식 소각시스템의 활용방안 및 연소모델 연구(연구).

a study on the conservation and reuse of cultural heritage focused on rural settlements honbul village , namwon city.
혼불문학권역 농촌마을종합개발사업에 관한 연구 - 마을의 문화유산 보존 및 정비를 중심으로 -.

a study on the propagation characteristics of vibration in building structures.
건물구조체에서의 진동전달특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the choice patterns for marketplace by income level.
소득수준에 따른 중심지 선택패턴에 관한 연구.

a study on the interior design education , focussed on the creativity.
창의력 중심의 실내디자인교육에 관한 연구.

a study on the atmospheric clearness estimation of major cities in korea peninsula using empirical forecasting models.
경험적 예측모형을 통한 한반도 주요 1122의 대기청명도 평가.

a study on the long-term effects of infrastructure linkage fee system.
기반시설부담금 제도가 주택공급과 주택가격에 미치는 장기적인 영향에 관한 연구.

a study on the factor affecting liquidity in housing type : focusing on sales of the detached house and apartment.
주택유형별 유동성에 영향을 주는 요인들에 관한 연구.

a study on the difficulty level adjustment of the design studio project.
설계과제의 난이도 조절에 관한 연구.

a study on the nonlinear analysis of an elastic catenary cable by dynamic relaxation method.
동적이완법에 의한 탄성 현수선 케이블의 비선형 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the torsional reinforcement of torsionally pin ended beams.
비틀림 단순지지보의 비틀림 보강에 관한 연구.

a study on the creation algorithm to construct well-structured floor plans.
구조화 평면 구축을 위한 평면 생성 알고리즘에 관한 연구.

a study on the ways of configurational approach of santiago calatrava through analyses of sketch design process of the cathedral of st. john the divine.
존 성당의 스케치 디자인과정분석을 통한 카라트라바의 형태구상방식 연구.

a study on the discovery of urban place through literary allegory.
문학적 알레고리를 통한 도시의 장소성 발견에 관한 연구.

a study on the examination of the digitally converged appliances and the outlook of the services.
디지털 정보가전의 변화와 서비스 방향에 관한 연구.

a study on the exterior window design of multi-storey buildings.
다층건축의 창개구부 디자인.

a study on the explosives demolition method of the multistory building in reconstruction area.
재개발지구내 중고층건축물의 발파해체공법에 관한 연구.

a study on the formational system of network analysis method to assess the fire risk in a building.
건축물의 화재안정성 평가를 위한 네트워크방법의 구성체계에 관한 연구.

a study on the mixing design of lightweight cellular concrete for on-dol system.
온돌단열용 경량기포 콘크리트의 배합설계에 관한 연구.

a study on the frost penetration depth and insulation methods in pavement.
동결심도 및 포장내부 온도 조사(연구).

a study on the magnesium sulfate resistance of high-volume fly ash concrete.
high-volume 플라이애쉬 콘크리트의 황산마그네슘 저항성에 관한 연구.

a study on the environment-friendly factors and application characteristics of domestic and foreign domed stadiums.
국내외 돔경기장에 적용된 친환경 요소 및 적용특성 분석.

a study on the removal performance of pm10 by the air-washer and the ultrasonic humidifier.
자연 기화식 가습기와 초음파 가습기의 pm10 제거성능.

a study on the spatial structure of korean single-family house based on the spatial articulation and connection.
공간의 분절과 접속의 측면에서 바라본 우리나라 단독주택의 공간구조에 관한 연구.

a study on the spatial composition of the birth house of kim soon-ha.
김순하선생 생가의 공간구성기법에 관한 연구.

a study on the spatial inclusion in the works of adolf loos.
아돌프 로스 건축의 공간적 내포에 관한 연구.

a study on the characteristic of the light in louis i. kahn's architectural space.
루이스 칸 건축공간의 빛의 특성 고찰.

a study on the characteristic of staircase for barrier-free architectural environment.
무장애 건축 환경을 위한 계단의 설계특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the occurrence of blackish water in andong dam reservoir.
안동댐 저수지 흑수발생 현황 조사연구.

a study on the identification method for flutter derivatives of bridge girders using displacement time history data.
변위 시계열 데이터를 이용한 교량거더의 flutter 계수 추정기법에 관한 연구.

a study on the logic of systematic composition in architectural space.
건축공간에서 체계적 구성논리의 전개에 관한 연구.

a study on the composition and production system of the modular house.
모듈라 주택의 구성과 생산 시스템에 관한 연구.

a study on the curved form architecture and materialization into glass skin.
곡면형상과 glass skin 구축에 관한 연구.

a study on the representation of identity for architectural form : based on architects' thinking using conceptual metaphor.
건축형태에서 아이덴티티 표상에 관한 연구.

a study on the representation of centrality in architectural space.
건축공간에 있어서 중심성의 건축적 표현에 관한 연구.

a study on the practical use of non-compacting concrete using the viscosity viscosity agent.
증점제를 이용한 다짐불요 콘크리트의 실용화에 관한 연구 (제3보).

a study on the practical analysis of suspension bridges.
현수교의 실용해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the suitable urban form and the establishment of developmental indicators for the sustainable development of a metropolis.
대도시의 지속가능한 개발을 위한 도시형태와 지표설정에 관한 연구.

a study on the consciousness of void in banding the solid wall of renaissance architecture.
르네상스 건축의 벽구성에 나타난 개방적 성향 연구.

a study on the formation of presbyterian missionary architecture in andong area.
미국 북장로회 안동선교부 건설형성과정에 대한 연구.

a study on the technological development of acoustic scale model experiment in architectural acoustics.
건축음향에서 모형 실험법의 기술개발에 관한 연구.

a study on the monitoring and optimization of the new type of concrete median barrier.
개선된 콘크리트 중앙분리대의 시공결과 추적조사 및 최적화 연구.

a study on the orientation and wayfinding in architectural space.
건축공간의 정위와 진로인식에 관한 연구.

a study on the behavioral aspect of livings in the living rooms of the old aged care facility.
양로시설 거실 공간에서의 생활행위에 관한 연구.

a study on the succession and transformation of the japanese house in korea.
일식주거의 공간적 지속과 변화에 관한 연구.

a study on the influences to contemporary architecture of bauhaus architectural design principles.
바우하우스 건축디자인 원리가 현대건축에 미친 영향에 관한 연구.

a study on the revision of regulations to develop flexible long-life housing.
장수명 공동주택의 가변성 확보를 위한 법규 개정 방안 연구.

a study on the prevention of codensation in external wall of apartment house.
공동주택 외주벽의 결로방지에 관한 연구.

a study on the corrosion control in water distribution system.
상수관부식방지기법연구.

a study on the evolution process of catholic monastery architecture in korea.
한국카톨릭수도원 건축의 변천과정에 관한 연구.

a study on the interpretation of architectural space by shamanism.
샤머니즘에 의한 건축공간의 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the interpretation of mies van der rohe by rem koolhaas.
렘 콜하스의 미스 반 데 로에 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the conjugate heat transfer from horizontal plate with protruding heat source.
열원이 부착된 수평 평판에서 복합 열전달에 관한 연구.

a study on the non-destructive testings for cement mortar by ultra sonic methods.
초음파법에 의한 모르터의 비파괴시험에 관한 연구.

a study on the hierarchy of the components of building evaluation.
건축평가 요소의 위계성에 관한 고찰.

a study on the motivation for productivity improvement of workers in construction industry.
건설근로자의 생산성 향상을 위한 동기부여 방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the soundscape design for the creation of sound amenity in urban space.
도시공간의 쾌적 음환경 창조를 위한 사운드스케이프 디자인 연구.

a study on the hazard of work types for building construction.
건축공사 공종별 위험도에 관한 연구.

a study on the calculating damages due to termination of a contract in construction projects.
건설프로젝트 해지에 따른 손실비용 산정방법에 관한 연구.

a study on the leveling of resource allocation by using the activity chain.
작업군 도입을 통한 자원배당 평준화에 관한 연구.

a study on the mythological interpretation of the house designed by tadao ando : focused on the mythological thinking of hans blumenberg.
신화론적 관점에서 해석한 안도 타다오의 건축적 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the modular size planning of doors and windows.
창호 모듈계획에 관한 연구.

a study on the sanitary piping system plan when an aged public housing is remodeled.
노후 공동주택의 위생설비 리모델링 계획방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the correlation between customer's circulation and vmd in planning the interior of department stores.
백화점 매장계획을 위한 vmd와 고객동선의 상관관계에 관한 분석적 연구.

a study on the aesthetics of movement in architectural spaces using the theory of spatial linearity.
건축공간의 운동성에 관한 연구.

a study on the post-modern classicism.
post-modern-classicism에 관한 연구.

a study on the renovation tendencies in the pursuit of value variation.
가치 변화 추구에 따른 리노베이션 경향에 관한 연구.

a study on the lpg storage and charing facility of quantitative risk analysis.
액화석유가스 저장 및 충전소의 위험성 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the tact management using a daily report information.
작업일보 종보를 이용한 택트공정관리방안 연구.

a study on the tectonic in the digital technology.
디지털 기술의 구축성에 관한 연구.

a study on the tectonic in the digital technology.
향단의 건축적 특성.

a study on the causality of housing price variations- focused on sub-market by housing type.
주택가격변동의 주택유형별 인과성에 관한 연구.

a study on the brazier effects of layered beam.
적층 보의 브라지에 효과에 관한 논리적 연구.

a study on the emergence and diffusion of homo-digitalian in korea ; policy implications implementation strategies.
지식국가 실현을 위한 정보지식인 육성 및 활용방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the reformation of the construction supervision system in korea.
건설공사 감리제도 개선에 관한 연구(최종).

a study on the concourse connected system of the multi-complex railway station through functional differentiation.
기능의 분화를 통한 복합역사 콘코스의 연계방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the diagram and the typology of the high-rise apartments floor plan.
초고층 아파트 주거동 평면의 유형화 및 도식화 연구.

a study on the microbial contaminant transport and control method according togovernment building bio-attack.
청사 건물의 bio-attack에 따른 미생물 오염원 확산 및 제어방안에 관한 연구.

a study on the customary architecture thoughts for the composition of village space.
마을공간구성 방법에 대한 한국전통 건축사상 연구.

a study on the selective design-build delivery method using an analysis of the general system theory.
일반체계이론을 적용한 선택적 설계시공일괄방식 체계에 관한 연구.

a study on the simultaneous loading factors for the fatigue design of bridges.
교량 피로설계의 동시재하계수에 관한 연구.

a study on the diversification of grouped features of high-rise apartments.
고층아파트 군집형상 다양화에 관한 연구.

a study on the peculiarity of beaux-art's tradition in museum building of paul p. cret.
폴 크레의 미술관건축에 나타난 보자르적 특성.

a study on the discretization of rectangular section subjected to torsion.
비틀림 단면의 분할에 관한 연구.

a study on the vernacular dwellings in noksan area , kinhae.
김해녹산지역 전통주거의 조사연구.

a study on the workability estimation of water-soluble rubberized asphalt waterproofing of spray type : focus on the material condition.
수용성 뿜칠형 고무 아스팔트 방수재의 시공성 평가에 관한 연구.

a study on the convergency property of heuristic algorithms.
경험적 알고리즘의 최적해 접근 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the prototype of site and floor plan patterns of rural houses.
농촌주택의 배치 및 평면형태 원형에 관한 연구.

a study on the continuity of the space in occidental architecture.
서양건축에서 나타나는 공간의 연속성에 관한 연구.

a study on the contextual cognition of space in architecture.
건축의 문맥론적 공간인식에 관한 연구.

a study on the epistemological condition of modern architecture in the matter of technology : focused on the contemplation of heidegger's existential phenomenology.
기술의 본질에 대한 현대건축의 인식조건에 관한 연구.

a study on the cie color analysis of brand apartment exterior in gyunggi-do area.
경기지역의 브랜드 아파트 외관색채분석에 관한 연구.

a study on the catalysts in the urban development.
도시개발에 있어서 촉매시설에 관한 연구.

a study on the subsurface temperature due to surface temperature and topography(final).
기온변화와 지질 및 지형조건에 따른 지하온도분포에 관한 연구.

a study on the 'connection space' of louis kahn.
루이스 칸의 연결공간 구성방식에 관한 연구.

a study on the notional primitive in architectural form from a.m laugier to le courbusier.
건축형식의 개념적 원시에 관한 연구.

a study on the on-the-spot survey of road occupation information using mobile techniques.
모바일 기술을 활용한 도로점용민원 현장조사 방안 연구.

a study on the urbanity in site planning of korea.
우리나라 주거지 계획의 도시성 해석에 관한 연구.

a study on the rigid-body element method.
강체요소법에 의한 원통요소의 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on the stub-girder system.
stub-girder system에 관한 연구.

a study on the k-joints using square hollow steel sections in truss.
각형강관 트러스의 k형 접합부에 관한 연구 (1).

a study on the territoriality in apartment interior public spaces.
아파트 동내 공용공간의 영역성에 관한 연구.

a study on the territoriality expression by lighting and sensibility evaluation in housing space.
주거공간에서 조명에 의한 영역성 표현 및 감성평가 연구.

a study on the time-variant characteristics of the organization of outdoor space affected by site slope in apartment housing.
아파트단지 경사도에 따른 외부공간 구성의 시기별 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on some social recognition of convenient facilities for the handicapped.
장애인 편의시설의 사회적 인식 정도에 관한 연구.

a study on vertical bearing capacity of nodular cylinder pile.
마디말뚝의 연직지지력 산정에 대한 연구.

a study on evaluation structure of streetscape image - focused on samcheongdong-gil.
가로경관 이미지 평가339 분석에 관한 연구.

a study on performance of energy-saving ondol panelusing pulsating heat pipe.
진동형 히트 파이프를 이용한 에너지 절약형 바닥 난방 패널의 성능에 관한 연구.

a study on performance standards for prefabricated building components.
조립식 부재의 품질기준에 관한 연구.

a study on planning of lower levels of high-rise office building.
고층 office bldg.저층부 계획에 관한 연구.

a study on planning conditions to improve openness assessment in atrium.
아트리움 건축의 개방감을 상승시키는 계획조건에 관한 연구.

a study on quantitative analysis of blast furnace slag based on salicylic acid ethanol melting method.
살리실산 에탄올 용해법을 활용한 고로슬래그 정량화에 관한 연구.

a study on structural behavior of braced frame subjected to cyclic lateral load.
반복 수평력을 받는 철골 브레이스 골조의 역학적 거동에 관한 연구.

a study on structural design of buildings by cad system. (footing).
cad(computer aided design)시스템을 활용한 구조설계에 관한 연구.

a study on structural design method by strut and tie model.
응력교란구역(d-region)인 전이보의 스트럿-타이 모델에 의한 설계 기법 연구.

a study on structural topology optimization by evolutionary structural optimization(eso) method.
진화론적 구조최적화(eso) 기법에 의한 위상최적화 연구.

a study on space configuration analysis related space adjustment in the high-rise apartments.
고층공동주거의 공간조절유형에 따른 공간배열분석에 관한 연구.

a study on space segmentation in space syntax : focused on the applicability of 'enclosing balance' theory to apartment plans.
공간구문론의 공간분할에서 문제점과 해결방안에 관한 연구.

a study on behavior of steel moment connections with alternative column stiffener details.
다양한 기둥 보강재 상세를 갖는 모멘트 접합부 거동에 관한 연구.

a study on analysis of underdeveloped characteristics for urban renaissance in gyeonggi-do underdeveloped city.
경기도 낙후도시 도시재생을 위한 낙후특성 분석.

a study on strength of steel square tubular columns filled with high strength concrete under biaxial eccentric load.
2 축휨을 받는 고강도콘크리트충전 각형강관기둥의 내력에 관한 연구.

a study on le corbusier's musee a croissance illimitee.
르 꼬르뷔지에의 무한성장박물관 연구.

a study on development of inspection simulator for electronic interlocking system.
전자연동시스템 검증을 위한 시뮬레이터 개발에 관한 연구(1차년도).

a study on protecting reinforcement and tendon from the corrosion in concrete bridge.
콘크리트 교량의 철근 및 긴장재의 부식방지에 관한 연구.

a study on design of the individual workstation of intelligent office building.
인텔리전트 사무소 건물의 개인작업공간 계획에 관한 연구.

a study on design standard for interior space size through body-scaled perception.
인체척도에 의한 실내공간크기 기준설정에 관한 연구.

a study on flow analysis of local ventilation system with zinc plating process.
아연도금 공정시 국소 환기시스템의 유동해석에 관한 연구.

a study on using possibility of talc powder as concrete admixture.
활석 미분말의 콘크리트용 혼화재료로써 활용가능성에 관한 연구.

a study on construction subcontract system reform for improvement of construction productivity.
건설생산성 향상을 위한 하도급발주체계 개선방안에 관한 연구.

a study on concrete delivered placing quality management based on various test of construction condition under hot weather circumstance.
서중환경에서 현장 콘크리트 시험을 통한 운반 및 부어넣기 품질관리 방안.

a study on heat and mass transfer characteristics of libr-h2o solution with a surfactant flowing over a cooled horizontal tube.
계면활성제 첨가시 수평 냉각관 외부를 흘러내리는 libr 수용액의 열 및 물질전달 특성에 관한 연구.

a study on heat flow characteristics and mixing region during hot water extraction process.
온수추출 과정의 열유동 특성과 혼합영역에 관한 연구.

a study on heat transfer with phase change of n - octadecane.
n - octadecane 의 상변화 열전달 현상에 관한 연구.

a study on heat transport limitation for a perfluorocarbon heat pipe.
pfc 히트파이프의 열전달 한계에 관한 연구.

a study on effects of decorative interior wall paintings of the antique rome on the scientific perspective.
고대 로마의 실내 장식벽화가 과학적인 원근법에 미친 영향 연구.

a study on effects of woodpulp contents and its characteristics on matrix structure and physical properties in cement composite.
목재펄프의 특성 및 함량이 무기섬유보강 시멘트복합체의 내부구조 및 물성에 미치는 영향연구.

a study on hospital color plan by color sensibility palette.
색채 감성 팔레트를 이용한 병원의 색채계획 연구.

a study on possibility of application of non-cement hwang-to binder for environment-friendly.
친환경 무시멘트 황토결합재의 적용가능성에 관한 연구.

a study on developing welfare indices regarding female farmers.
여성농업인 복지지표 개발 연구.

a study on film boiling heat transfer in a forced convective flow system.
강제대류계에 있어서 막비등 열전달에 관한 연구.

a study on urban image utilizing cognitive map - focusing on cheongju city.
인지지도를 이용한 1122이미지 형성방안에 관한 연구.

a study on value improvement of postal admimistration business.
국내 우정사업의 가치향상 방안에 관한 연구.

a study on hybrid ac system coupled with natural ventilation and cooling system.
자연환기와 냉방시스템을 병용한 하이브리드공조에 관한 연구.

a study on heating meter for apartment house.
아파트 난방미터 설치에 관한 연구.

a study on regional economic fluctuations using structural var model.
구조적 var 모형을 이용한 지역경제변동 연구.

a study on central place theory as a normative commercial location theory and centrality estimation.
연구논문 / 규범적 상업입지이론으로서의 중심지이론과 중심성 측정에 관한 소고.

a study on characteristics of ecological expression in shigeru ban's architecture- focus on the paper tube architecture of hanover expo 2000 japan pavillion.
시게루 반의 건축에 나타나는 생태적 표현특성에 관한 연구.

a study on pressure drop through the porous metal.
소결금속층에서의 압력강하에 관한 연구.

a study on prediction model of ventilation performance for multi-family housings using airflow analysis.
공기유동 해석에 의한 공동주택 환기성능 예측모델에 관한 연구.

a study on making pattern language of courtyard in korean traditional buddhist architecture.
한국 전통사찰건축 중정공간의 모형화에 관한 연구.

a study on transition process and factor of exhibition design.
전시디자인의 변천과정과 요인에 관한 연구.

a study on application of high-strength vertical stiffeners to plate girder.
판형교에 고강도 수직보강재 적용에 관한 연구.

a study on improvement of agricultural outlook supporting information system (database).
농업관측 지원정보 시스템(db) 개선.

a study on digital modeling method for the architectural form composition using cubic geometry.
건축디자인 입체조형구성을 위한 디지털 모델링 방법에 관한 연구.

a study on standardization of thickness design of asphalt concrete pavement.
아스팔트 포장 설계의 표준화 연구.

a study on optimum population forecast through declination between plan population and actual population.
계획인구와 실제인구 편차분석을 통한 적정 계획인구 설정 연구.

a study on operating the standard downloading fee scheme at wholesale markets.
도매시장 표준하역비제도 운용방안 연구.

a study on operating characteristics a sus-water two-phase closed thermosyphon.
sus-물을 사용한 2상 밀폐 열싸이폰의 작동특성에 관한 연구.

a study on setting and application of classification system of environment-friendly design factors of traditional villages - focused on gang-gol tradition village in bo-sung.
전통마을의 친환경건축 계획요소 분류체계 설정 및 적용실태에 관한 연구.

a study on acoustic performance improvement effect of small multipurpose hall.
소규모 다목적 홀의 음향성능 개선 효과에 관한 연구.

a study on physical properties of cement-polymer modified waterproof membrane coatings.
시멘트 혼입 폴리머계 도막방수재의 특성 연구.

a study on utilization and the spatial organization of complexity for community center in rural - focused on imsil-gun in jeollabukdo.
커뮤니티센터로서 농촌 마을회관의 복합화에 따른 이용실태 및 공간구성에 관한 연구 - 전라북도 임실군을 중심으로 -.

a study on relationship between osmosis by semi-permeability to nacl solution and pore structure of cement mortar.
시멘트모르타르의 nacl용액에 대한 선택투과막적 성질에 의한 삼투현상과 세공구조와의 관계에 관한 연구.

a study on mass communication's influence on the consumers' cognition of home interior remodeling.
소비자의 주거공간 리모델링 인식에 영향을 주는 대중매체에 관한 연구.

a study on concentration of volatile organic compounds in newly-apartment house by measurement.
실측을 통한 신축공동주택의 주요 vocs 물질 농도에 관한 연구.

a study on optical amplifiers for wdm optical communication systems.
다중파장 광전송을 위한 광증폭기에 관한 연구.

a study on long-term variation in wind energy.
풍력에너지의 장기간 변동성에 관한 연구.

a study on factor prmoting social in voluntary community of urban park management.
도시공원녹지관리의 자발적 공동체내 사회적 자본형성요인에 관한 연구.

a study on nonlinear analysis of a suspension bridge.
현수교의 비선형해석에 관한 연구.

a study on flexural behaviour of fixed cutout-periphery plate by finite element method.
유한요소법에 의한 절결주변고정판의 휨거동에 관한 연구.

a study on examining the applicability of simulation window for evaluating discomfort glare caused by windows.
창면불쾌글레어 평가를 위한 인공창 실험의 타당성 검토 연구.

a study on competency evaluation item of design phase ve team.
설계ve팀의 역량 평가항목에 관한 연구.

a study on telecommunication technical specifications.
전기통신기술기준연구.

a study on contract management method with regard to direct payment of subcontract payment.
하도급대금의 직접지급에 따른 계약관리방안에 대한 고찰.

a study on improving of internal appraisal system.
내부평가제도 개선연구.

a study on improving asphalt mixtures(iii).
아스팔트 혼합물 개량 연구.

a study on healing environmental services of urban type elderly housing.
도시형 유료노인주택의 치유환경서비스에 관한 연구.

a study on appraisal of place marketing on case firelight festival in pohang.
도시지역의 장소마케팅 분석.

a study on adaptive numerical grid genenration for incompressible flow.
비압축성유동을 위한 수치격자적응에 관한 연구.

a study on drag reduction in horizontal tube bubbly flow with polymer addetives.
수평관 기포류에서 고분자 물질 첨가시 마찰저항감소에 관한 연구.

a study on reduction of the stack effect in super high-rise residential complex.
초고층 주상복합 건물의 연돌효과 저감방안에 관한 연구.

a study on estimating solar radiation in relation to meteorological parameters.
기상매개변수와의 상관관계에 의한 일사예측에 관한 연구.

a study on chloride penetration into concrete in the seaside.
해안지역에 있는 콘크리트의 염분침투에 관한 연구.

a study on duration estimate of structural work for apartment buildings.
아파트공사의 골조공기 산정방법 개선방향에 관한 연구.

a study on watershed-based seasonal forecast rainfall for dam operation application , appendix.
수계별 계절예측강우의 댐운영적용방안 연구보고서 : 부록.

a study on transaction of environment and behavior in urban detached houses.
도시단독주택지에 있어서 환경과 행동과의 상호침투관계 고찰.

a study on biological hydrogen and single cell protein production from organic waste.
태양광을 이용한 유기성 폐수로부터 생물학적 수소생산 및 균체단백질 생산 연구.

a study on remedial technology for contaminated soil and groundwater.
오염지반 및 지하수정화기술에 관한 연구.

a study on slacks suitable for riding a bicycle.
자전거 주행에 적합한 슬랙스에 관한 연구.

a study on validity of applying simplify modeling method for heating/cooling load calculation.
냉난방부하 계산의 단순화 모델링 기법 적용 타당성 검토에 관한 연구.

a study on sanitary and welfare facilities criteria in barrack applying queuing theory.
대기행렬이론을 활용한 군 막사의 위생 및 복지시설 기준에 관한 연구.

a study on renovation of the housingcomplex in berlin after the unification.
독일통일 이후 베를린시의 공동주택 개량화 방안에 관한 연구.

a study on folding shading device for improvement of building environment performance.
건물의 환경성능 개선을 위한 접이식 차양장치에 관한 연구.

a study on improvable devices for walking environment of the disablein terms of considering connection , accessibility , convenience.
연계/접근/편의성을 고려한 보행시 장애요소 개선에 관한 연구.

a study on dioxin reduction characteristics of rapid cooling type circulating fluidized bed heat exchanger.
급속냉각형 순환유동층 열교환기의 다이옥신 저감성능 연구.

a study on tmcp plate of chemical alloying elements and y-groove weld cracking characteristics.
tmcp 강재의 화학성분 및 경사형 용접 균열특성에 관한 연구.

a study on typology and evolution of sky light of alvar aalto.
알바 알토의 천창 유형 및 진화에 관한 연구.

a study on continuity of space in a fashion retail shop with approaching emotional design.
감성적 디자인으로 접근한 패션 리테일 샵 공간의 연속성에 관한 연구.

a study on finances and factors of weighting cost in government constructions in the late of chosun dynasty.
조선 후기 관영건축공사의 재원과 비용 절감 방안에 관한 연구.

a study on waterfront renovation through port redevelopment.
항만재개발을 통한 해양친수공간조성 연구.

a study on spacial characteristics of stairs in architectural space.
계단의 공간적 특성 연구.

a study on rebar detection in r.c. members.
철근콘크리트 부재내의 철근탐사에 관한 연구.

a study on decentralized rainwater management by analysing the spacial properties in urban housing complexes.
공동주택단지의 공간적 특성 분석을 통한 분산식 빗물관리 방향 설정.

a study on farmland-property taxation in relation to the limitation of property rights in korea.
토지공개념과 농지 재산과세제도의 연관 고찰.

a study on electrohydrodynamic atomization of slaked-lime/water slurry.
소석회/물 슬러리의 정전분무에 관한 연구.

a study on topography interpretation and the space remodeling of jinju by the feng shui thought.
풍수사상에 의한 진주의 지형해석과 공간개조에 관한 연구.

a study on orientalism in western architecture.
서양건축에 있어 동양풍에 관한 연구.

a study on surrealistic design by apporaches to spatiotemporal idealism.
시간과 공간의 관념론적 접근을 통한 초현실주의적 디자인에 관한 연구.

a study on dok-pak-tang , a residence of cho-seon dynasty.
조선시대주거 일곽에 관한 연구.

a study on v.m.d rohan marketing strategy to sell eu basic characteristics about the enemy of the configuration space research.
v.m.d마케팅 전략을 기본으로 한 판매 공간의 구성적 특성에 관한 연구.

a study for the sense of counterbalance at the architectural works of gunter behnisch.
권터 베니쉬 작품에 나타난 상대적 균형감에 관한 연구.

a study for the harmony of the color of streetscape in commercial district.
상업지역 가로경관의 색채조화를 위한 연구.

a study for promoting transaction of secondhand agricultural machinery.
중고농기계의 유통실태와 이용 활성화 방안.

a study for lighting design method in membrane structure dome.
막구조 돔 공간에서의 빛환경 설계기법에 관한 연구.

a study for regulatory compliance mandatory of haccp.
haccp 의무적용에 따른 규제순응도 조사.

a study for vitalization of using safety helmet at the construction sites.
건설현장에서의 안전모 착용 활성화 방안에 관한 연구.

a study for elevatoring computation on office building.
사무소 건물의 엘리베이터 규모 산정에 관한 연구.

a study elastic analysis of thick perforated plate.
유공후판의 탄성해석에 관한 연구.

a study om mortar properties influencing the bond strength of masonry brick walls.
벽돌조적벽체의 접착강도에 영향을 미치는 mortar의 성질에 관한 연구.

a boy with blue eyes and tousled hair.
푸른 눈에 헝클어진 머리를 한 소년.

a baby is swaddled in silk brocade.
한 아기가 수놓아 짠 비단에 단단히 싸여있다.

a dream about pigs bodes well for you.
돼지꿈은 당신에게 길조다.

a movie starring tom cruise and demi moore.
톰 크루즈와 데미 무어가 주연을 맡은 영화.

a used car with one owner and a low mileage.
전 주인이 한 명이었고 주행 거리도 얼마 안 되는 중고차.

a moving film about the redemptive power of love.
사람을 구원하는 사랑의 힘에 관한 감동적인 영화.

a dance company/troupe.
무용단.

a rather nervous-looking guide hands out saplings.
초조한 얼굴의 안내자가 묘목을 건내줬다.

a shower has laid the dust.
한바탕 소나기가 오더니 먼지가 가라앉았다.

a call to the police should put an end to their little caper.
경찰에 전화를 하면 그들의 그 작은 범죄 행위를 끝낼 수 있을 것이다.

a clerk walked up to her.
점원이 그녀에게 다가왔다.

a good government will not compress the people.
훌륭한 정부는 국민에게 압박을 주지 않는다.

a good teacher is someone who lets the students down gently.
좋은 선생은 학생들을 점잖게 깨우치는 사람이다.

a long time ago , a watchmaker named dillon gave this watch to the president as a gift.
오래전에 , 시계수리공 dillon은 대통령에게 이 시계를 선물로 주었다.

a long and arduous quest after truth. (mahatma gandhi).
침묵을 통해 영혼은 더욱 밝은 빛 속에서 길을 찾으며 모호하고 기만적인 것은 결국 분명히 밝혀진다. 우리 인생은 길고도 고된 진리탐구이다. (마하트마.

a long and arduous quest after truth. (mahatma gandhi).
간디 , 침묵명언).

a long and repetitious speech.
길고 자꾸 중복되는 연설.

a school official who visited toshi at home the day before graduation found him distraught and exhausted.
졸업식 전날 토시의 자택을 방문했던 한 교직원은 교장이 정신이 나갔으며 지쳐 있었다고 전했다.

a stranger handed me a pamphlet about the end of the world.
한 낯선 사람이 세계의 종말에 관한 팸플릿을 내게 건네 주었다.

a deal was concluded through his mediation.
그의 중개로 거래가 성사되었다.

a small spoon and a vegetable corer work well.
작은 숟가락과 채소 코어러(속을 빼내는 기구)를 이용하면 잘 된다.

a small mound of rice/sand.
작은 쌀/모래 무더기.

a body builder who downed 130 grams of protein each day could lose nearly 50mg of calcium in the process.
하루에 130g의 단백질을 섭취하는 보디빌딩 하는 사람은 그 과정에서 대략 50mg의 칼슘을 손실할 수 있다.

a right to expect immediate action to lessen poverty.
블레어 총리는 고든 브라운 재무장관 및 힐라리 벤 개발부 장관과 함께 인디펜던트 신문에 게재한 기고문에서 가난한 나라들은 빈곤 해소를 위해 즉각적인 행동을 기대할 권리가 있다고 말했습니다.

a business is a commercial enterprise that executes economic activities.
기업은 경제적 활동을 수행하는 상업 단체이다.

a question like that is of secondary importance.
그런 일은 이차적인 문제다.

a cloud of fine spray came up from the waterfall.
폭포에서는 구름 같은 고운 물보라가 피어올랐다.

a sea is filled with brackish water.
바다는 소금기 있는 물로 채워져 있다.

a sea of candles lit up the memphis boulevard named after the singing legend.
무수한 양초들은 노래하는 전설에 따라 이름 붙여진 멤피스 거리를 밝혔다.

a full belly is the mother of all evil.
배부른 것이 모든 악의 어머니이다.

a shallow , unsatisfying relationship.
피상적이고 만족감을 주지 못하는 관계.

a performance evaluation on the prefabricated floor heating system using thermo siphon type heat pipe.
서모 사이펀식 히트파이프를 이용한 건식 바닥난방시스템의 제안 및 성능평가.

a different wording would make the meaning clearer.
다른 말로 바꾸면 의미가 더 분명해질 것이다.

a little boy is breaking his neck to jump over a fence.
작은 소년은 울타리를 넘기 위해 몹시 노력하고 있다.

a little liquor or tobacco will do you no harm.
술담배는 조금 해도 상관없다.

a little alcohol will do you no harm.
소량의 술은 무해하다.

a little bit of advertising would drum up some business.
아주 조금만 광고해도 장사가 번창할 터인데.

a little overwork is nothing to complain of.
야근을 좀 한다고 해서 불평할 필요는 없다.

a government censor removed parts of the book.
정부 당국의 검열관이 책의 일부 대목을 삭제했다.

a keen sportswoman.
열렬한 스포츠우먼.

a flu wog struck.
독감이 덮쳤다.

a system development for steelbar quantity surveying and optimization of the loss.
철근물량산출 및 손률최적화 시스템 개발 연구.

a fire broke out in a telecommunications room just below the eiffel tower's broadcast antenna.
에펠탑의 방송 안테나 바로 밑에 있는 통신실에서 화재가 발생했습니다.

a bank account encourages thrift.
은행 거래를 하면 절약하게 된다.

a research on the application method of contingency in domestic public construction work.
국내 공공 건설공사 예비비제도 적용 개선방안.

a team of surgeons transplanted sections of his ribs to rebuild his cheekbones.
수술 팀은 갈비뼈 일부를 잘라서 그의 광대뼈를 만들었다.

a cast reception was held after the performance.
공연이 끝난 뒤 배우들의 리셉션이 열렸다.

a motion to adjourn has been made and seconded.
휴회 발의가 받아들여졌다.

a leaders from each business unit will meet in denver in may to assess our sales and marketing efforts.
각 사업장의 책임자들은 5월에 덴버에서 회의를 갖고 우리 회사의 영업과 마케팅 노력에 대한 평가를 할 것이다.

a share on server %1 is already enabled. file replication is not allowed between shares on the same machine.
%1 서버에 공유가 이미 사용 가능합니다. 같은 컴퓨터의 공유 간 파일이 복제될 수 없습니다.

a behavior of a fly in amber will not bring development.
구태의연한 자세는 발전을 가지고 오지 않을 것이다.

a statistical study of building deterioration models.
건물 노후도모델에 관한 통계적 연구.

a analysis for point at issue and countermeasure of construction site on the reduction of working time.
근로시간 단축에 따른 건설현장의 문제점과 대응방안에 대한 분석.

a glass of water cleans the palette.
물 한 잔이면 팔레트가 깨끗해질 수 있다.

a glass of cool juice is refreshing on a hot day.
더운 날엔 시원한 쥬스 한잔이 기분을 상쾌하게 한다.

a glass tankard with his initials etched on it.
그의 이름 첫 글자들이 식각된 큰 유리잔.

a type of delayed action parachute.
비행사들은 낙하산을 타고 가까스로 비행기를 탈출했다.

a graph theory interpretation of the nodal regional structure in seoul city.
그래프 이론으로 본 서울시의 통행목적별 결절지역구조.

a numerical study on the performance characteristics of a piezoelectric micropump for different inlet and outlet positions.
입/출구 위치 변화에 따른 압전 구동방식 마이크로 펌프의 성능특성에 관한 수치해석적 연구.

a numerical study on the natural convection from two isothermal square beams attached to an vertical adiabatic plate.
수직단열판에 부착된 2개의 등온사각비임에서의 자연대류 열전달에 관한 수치.

a numerical study on the solidification of binary mixture with double - diffusive convection in the liquid.
복합대류가 이원용액의 응고과정에 미치는 영향에 관한 수치적 연구.

a numerical analysis on the flow characteristics and the collection efficiency for fine particles in a cyclone.
사이클론 내 유동특성 및 미세입자 집진효율에 대한 수치해석적 연구.

a modern day viking long ship billed as the sea stallion of glendalough will soon set sail for dublin , tracing the legendary journeys made by ancient viking explorers over 1 , 000 years ago.
그렌달로프의 바다의 종마라는 이름을 가진 현대 시대의 바이킹 배가 곧 더블린을 향해 출항할 것인데 , 이 배는 1 , 000여 년 전에 고대 바이킹 탐험가들이 했던 전설적인 여행의 발자취를 따를 거예요.

a development of hybrid ventilation system using the balcony space as buffer zone in apartment housing.
공동주택의 발코니 공간을 이용한 하이브리드 환기방식의 제안.

a development of asic ship sets for eureka-147 dab receivers.
dab 수신기용 asic chip set 개발.

a development on the model to predict the degree of subcontract tender variability in construction projects.
건설공사 하도급입찰 양상 예측모형 개발에 관한 연구.

a development study on welded stud-bolt for column-beam connection of steel structure.
강구조 기둥-보접합을 위한 스터드 볼트 용접접합의 개발에 관한 연구.

a connection between allergic rhinitis and migraine has already been established.
알레르기성 비염과 편두통과의 연관성은 이미 확립되어 있다.

a culture in which women are segregated from men.
여자들이 남자들과 차별받는 문화.

a recent study found a third of job applicants lied about their experience.
최근의 조사에 따르면 취업 지망자의 3분의 1이 자기 경력에 관해서 허위 진술했다.

a recent study ranked madison county the number one place in the country for trial lawyers to sue.
최근 한 조사에 따르면 , 매디슨 카운티가 국내에서 법정 변호사 소송 제기 건수 1위를 차지했습니다.

a recent case of animal cruelty that had been in the news in toronto about a chihuahua named taco shows the kind of work they do.
타코라고 불리는 치와와에 관한 토론토 뉴스에 실렸던 최근 있었던 동물 학대 사건은 그들이 하는 일의 종류를 보여줍니다.

a method of calculating schedule variance on the basis of work density.
작업 밀도에 기반한 공정편차 산정 방법.

a design and implementation of re transmitter for imt-2000 system based on ds cdma.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

a flow will have an ebb. or every flood has its ebb.
달도 차면 기운다.

a experimental study on air lifting performance with vertical tube using air jet nozzle.
수직원관내 에어제트 노즐을 사용하는 에어리프팅에 관한 실험적 연구.

a natural scorer like michael owen would , surely , have filled his boots.
마이클 오언과 같은 타고난 골잡이는 확실히 제 몫을 해왔습니다.

a stone carver named yeo joung-soo is building a house in gyeonggi-do yeoju with stones.
석각가인 여정수씨는 경기도 여주에 돌로 집을 짓고 있다.

a heavy tax caused americans to insist on their independence.
과도한 세금은 미국인들의 독립을 주장하게 만들었다.

a mad man was caged up.
정신이상자는 감옥에 감금되었다.

a tree has a tapering top.
나무 끝이 홀쭉하다.

a woman is holding a bundle of joy.
한 여성은 갓난아이를 안고 있다.

a woman is passing a card to the shopkeeper.
여자가 상점 주인에게 카드를 건네고 있다.

a woman is blowing up a balloon.
여자가 풍선을 불고 있다.

a woman called to read the gas meter.
어느 여인이 가스 계량기를 검침하러 왔다.

a woman running for the senate against hillary clinton froze.
힐러리에 맞서 상원의원 후보로 출마했던 이 여성의 표정이 굳어졌군요.

a woman sits alone in the corner of a tavern , lost in thought.
선술집의 한 구석에 홀로 앉아 있는 여자는 생각에 잠겨 있었다.

a new democratic government was formed after much difficulty.
산고 끝에 새 민주 정부가 고고지성을 질렀다.

a new constitution was promulgated last month.
나폴레옹은 혁명 이후 새로운 헌법을 공포했다.

a new revision is currently in progress.
새로운 수정안이 현재는 진행중이다.

a new detergent that dissolves stains.
때를 분해해 주는 새로운 세제.

a new managing director has been appointed to restructure the company.
회사의 구조 조정을 위해 새 관리 이사가 선임됐다.

a private stood the gaff that higher officers were annoying.
이등병은 상사가 괴롭히는 고통을 견뎌내었다.

a sense of humor must be appropriate for the professional setting of an office.
유머 감각은 사무실의 업무 분위기에 적합해야 합니다.

a white house spokesman said president bush showed serious concern about the suicides.
백악관 대변인은 , 조지 부쉬 미국 대통령이 이같은 사건이 발생한데 대해 깊은 우려를 표시했다고 말했습니다.

a day after the resignation of georgia's president , the country's interim leader says regaining stability is her top priority.
그루지야 대통령이 사임한 지 하루가 지난 오늘 , 대통령 권한 대행은 최우선 과제로 국가 안정 회복을 내걸었습니다.

a day after north korea disregarded international warnings by firing a cascade of missiles , south korea's policy of quietly engaging pyongyang is coming under examination.
북한 당국이 국제사회의 경고를 무시하고 다량의 미사일들을 발사한지 하루가 지난 6일 남한에서는 정부의 일방적인 대북한 포용정책에 대한 재검토 작업 이 진행되고 있습니다.

a day tripper.
당일치기 행락객.

a child does not know how deeply concerned his parents are about him.
부모 마음을 자식은 모른다.

a few hours later , the officer checked up on the prisoner.
몇 시간 후에 경찰관은 죄수의 진위를 확인하였다.

a few moments of quiet contemplation.
몇 분간의 조용한 명상.

a few moments later , you are awaken.
잠시 후 당신은 깨어난다.

a few weeks ago at a large movie theater i turned to my wile and said , the picture is out of focus.
몇 주전 대형 영화관에서 나는 아내에게 몸을 돌리고 " 영화가 초점에서 벗어났어. " 라고 말했다.

a leather jacket is a timeless and versatile garment that can be worn in all seasons and with all kinds of outfits.
가죽 재킷은 모든 계절에 모든 종류의 의상과 함께 입을 수 있는 , 시대를 초월한 다용도의 옷이다.

a real test will prove who is greater.
길고 짧은 것은 대보아야 안다.

a cognitive model of architectural design conception.
건축디자인 착상의 인지모델화.

a fish struggles caught on the hook.
물고기가 낚시에 걸려 팔딱거린다.

a speech synthesizer.
음성 합성기.

a court is to decide friday whether to approve the arrest warrant for chung mong-koo , who was questioned by prosecutors for 15- hours this week about an alleged slush fund used for bribery.
정몽구 회장은 뇌물용으로 이용된 거액의 비자금과 관련해 이번 주 15시간에 걸쳐 검찰의 심문을 받았습니다. 영장담당 법정은 금요일 정 회.

a court is to decide friday whether to approve the arrest warrant for chung mong-koo , who was questioned by prosecutors for 15- hours this week about an alleged slush fund used for bribery.
담에 대한 구속영장 발부 여부를 결정할 예정입니다.

a court reporter was present during the deposition.
증언시 법정 속기사가 배석했다.

a person in charge weathered out the car race.
악천후로 담당자는 차 경주를 중지했다.

a black wire is often attached to the cathode which is also marked with the negative sign (-).
마이너스 기호로 표시되기도 하는 음극에는 검은 전선이 부착되는 경우가 많다.

a black speck was seen in the sky.
검은 점이 하늘에 나타났다.

a source close to the preparatory committee said on condition of anonymity without giving further facts and figures.
준비위원회와 가까운 한 소식통이 더 이상의 자세한 내용은 밝히지 않고 익명을 조건으로 말했다.

a high schooler who smokes regularly is 2.4 times more likely to have poorer overall health than their non-smoking peers.
정기적으로 흡연하는 고등학생들은 비 흡연 친구들보다 전반적인 건강이 더 형편없을 가능성이 2.4배 더 높다.

a rich man bought a goose and a swan.
한 부자 남자가 거위와 백조를 샀어요.

a terrorist threat is terrifying the (whole) nation.
테러 위협으로 국민들이 공포에 떨고 있다.

a blood clot that forms and remains in a vein is called a thrombus.
정맥에서 피가 응고돼서 남아 있는 것을 혈전이라고 부른다.

a committee headed by vice health and welfare minister byun jae-jin and comprising experts from both the oriental medical fields and western medical fields are expected to spearhead the committee.
변재진 보건복지부 차관을 위원장으로 하고 한의학분야와 서양의학분야의 전문가들이 이 위원회를 앞장 설 것입니다.

a particularly virulent strain of flu claimed a number of lives in the us.
특별히 악성 종류인 독감이 많은 미국인의 목숨을 앗아 갔다.

a set of twelve sit-ups is the best way to reduce an abdominal fat , and if you include it on your workout , you will be on your way to a leaner tummy.
복부에 있는 지방을 줄이는 데는 열 두번의 윗몸일으키기가 가장 적당하며 , 이러한 방법에 따른 윗몸일으키기를 다른 운동과 함께 하면 날씬 한 배를 유지하게 될 것입니다.

a comprehensive study between highrise and lowrise mixed-buildings.
고층 및 저층 주상복합건물의 주거인 특성에 관한 비교연구.

a model for predicting the autogenous shrinkage of high-strength concrete.
고강도콘크리트의 자기수축예측에 관한 연구.

a model for presence and instant messaging.
프리젠스 및 인스턴트 메시징 모델.

a field study for hospital ward design suited to korean medical culture.
한국인의 의료문화에 맞는 병원 병실계획을 위한 현장연구.

a field survey on indoor air quality of the existing apartment houses.
기존 공동주택의 실내공기질 실태에 관한 측정 연구.

a field soaked with water with rice is known as a 'rice paddy'.
벼가 있는 물에 젖은 밭은 '논'이라 불린다.

a nationwide network of designated service companies is available to provide maintenance and both in-and post-warranty service , to keep your appliance in peak operating condition.
전국적인 망을 형성하고 있는 지정 서비스 회사들은 귀하의 가전제품이 최상의 기능을 유지할 수 있도록 , 보증기간 만료 이전이건 이후건 서비스를 제공해 드리고 있습니다.

a national television network broadcast pictures of president arroyo's visit to the morgue , where she took a look at the bullet-ridden body of one of asia's most-wanted terrorists.
국영tv는 아로요 대통령이 시체가 보관된 것을 방문하고 아시아인들이 가장 잡기를 원했던 테러리스트 몸에 박힌 탄알을 보고 있는 모습을 방영하였다.

a national park on the border between kenya and tanzania.
케냐와 탄자니아 국경에 있는 국립공원.

a face bears the reflection of our nature , which in the beginning is veiled by the attractiveness of youth.
한 사람의 얼굴은 본성을 가지고 있다. 이 본성은 처음에는 젊음의 매력에 가려져 있다.

a light shone dimly in the passage.
복도에 등불이 으슴푸레하게 비치고 있었다.

a light summery dress.
여름에 어울리는 가벼운 원피스.

a wide assortment of gifts to choose from.
선택의 폭이 넓게 다양하게 갖춰 놓은 선물 모음.

a wide brimmed (preferably waterproof) hat is always useful.
챙 넓은(오히려 방수까지 되는)모자는 언제나 유용하다.

a wide swath of siberian forest was flattened by a meteor exploding in the earth's atmosphere in 1908 ; this is known as the tunguska event.
시베리아 숲의 넓은 길은 1908년 지구의 대기에서 폭발한 유성에 의해 생겼습니다 ; 이것은 텅거스카 이벤트라고 알려져 있습니다.

a prompt action by the driver prevented an accident.
운전자의 신속한 대응이 사고를 막았다.

a senior partner decides where the briefing will be held.
브리핑 장소는 선임 파트너가 결정한다.

a film canister.
필름 통.

a general error occurred while trying to decompress the file %s.
%s 파일의 압축을 풀려고 하는 동안 일반 오류가 발생했습니다.

a written statement purportedly from taleban leader mullah omar mourns the death of abu musab al-zarqawi , and swears to keep fighting in afghanistan.
탈레반 지도자 물라 오마르가 성명을 통해 아부 무사브 알-자르카위의 죽음을 애도하면서 아프가니스탄에서 계속 투쟁을 벌일 것임을 다짐한 것으로 알려 졌습니다.

a number of books sat in the bookshelf.
많은 책들이 책꽂이에 꽂혀 있다.

a number of girls were beginning to use lipstick and would put it on in the bathroom.
상당수의 여학생들이 립스틱을 사용하기 시작했는데 이들은 주로 화장실에서 바르곤 했다.

a number of measures were taken to alleviate the problem.
그 문제를 완화하기 위해 많은 조치가 취해졌다.

a number of cosmetics companies have been accused recently of testing their products on animals , which often causes debilitating health problems or death.
많은 화장품 회사들이 최근 동물들에게 제품 실험을해서 비난 받고 있는데 , 그로 인해 동물들이 쇠약해지거나 죽음에 이르기도 한다.

a terrible loss of human life.
끔찍한 인명 손실.

a total of 1 , 750 fires broke out in galicia from aug.
8월부터 갈리시아에서 총 1 , 750건의 화재가 발생했다.

a lack of openness with respect to their military investments understandably generates concerns for some of their neighbors.
중국의 군사비 지출에 대한 투명성 부족은 일부 이웃 나라들의 우려를 불러 일으키고 있습니다.

a town astride the river.
강 양쪽에 걸쳐 있는 도시.

a town councilor.
시의회의원.

a successful marriage is surely the most satisfying of all relationships between human beings.
성공적인 결혼은 대부분 인간적인 관계에서 확실히 만족해야한다.

a traffic accident claimed his life.
그는 교통사고로 죽었다.

a case or two and on we go to an over-simplification about drunks and speeders.
하나 혹은 그 이상의 경우를 통해서 우리는 술 취한 사람과 과속 운전자에 대하여 지나치게 단순화해 나가고 있다.

a case study of farm management performance - rice , apple , strawberry , onion and hanwoo farms.
농가경영성과의 사례 연구.

a case study on the influence of rapid weight loss periods on cardiorespiratory functions and anaerobic powers.
중 단기 급성 체중감량이 심폐기능 및 무산소성 파워에 미치는 영향.

a case study on the utilization of unused classrooms between japanese and korean primary school.
일본의 초등학교 여유교실의 전용과 한국의 유휴교실 활용사례에 대한 연구.

a case study on the duct-borne noise control in a hospital.
병원건축물의 공조소음저감 대책 사례 연구.

a case study on hospital remodeling in korea : kangbuk samsung hospital.
국내종합병원 리모델링 사례.

a case study for structural reinforcement of modern architectural properties.
근대건축문화재의 구조체 보강 실태조사.

a bat , on the other hand , will soar into the air.
박쥐는 하늘 위로 날아오를 수 있습니다.

a line of demarcation has been drawn between the two countries.
두 나라 사이에 경계선이 그어져 있다.

a liberal translation of the text.
그 텍스트에 대한 자유로운 번역.

a university degree has become a requisite for entry into most professions.
대부분의 전문직종에 진출하는 데는 대학 학위가 필수품이 되었다.

a survey study on the playground dimension of elementary school in dae-gu.
대구시 초등학교 체육장 규모에 관한 실태조사 연구.

a restaurant has to tread the tricky path between maintaining quality and keeping prices down.
식당은 품질 유지와 가격 유지 사이에서 위태로운 줄타기를 해야 한다.

a restaurant owner is moaning after the swedish king left a paltry tip.
식당 주인은 스웨덴국왕이 남긴 하찮은 팁에 탄식했다.

a german automobile firm received a court order to pay $2 million to a u.s. buyer.
독일의 한 자동차회사는 법원 명령으로 2백만 달러를 미국 바이어들에게 지불하라는 명령을 받았다.

a north korean warship crossed the southern limit of the yellow sea.
북한 함정이 서해안의 남방 한계선을 침범했다.

a news story manufactured by an unscrupulous journalist.
어느 파렴치한 기자가 지어낸 뉴스 기사.

a report in surveying of the kwanghan-nu in namweon.
남원 광한루 실측보고.

a report of surveying in the nam-dae-mun gate in seoul.
서울남대문 실측 보고.

a report of surveying of the jang kouk sa-sang taiung jeon temple.
장곡사상대웅전 실측보고.

a report of surveying of the kwanduk pavilion in cheju.
제주 관덕정 실측보고.

a report of surveying of the pungnam-moon gate in joenju.
전주 풍남문 실측보고.

a months ago , he was a lonely wanderer.
몇 달 전 그는 외로운 방랑자였다.

a large stone meteorite , approximately 50 to 60 meters in diameter , crashed through earth's atmosphere at nearly 20 kilometers per second.
약 50에서 60미터 지름의 커다란 바위 운석이 초당 거의 20킬로미터의 속도로 지구의 대기를 지나 충돌했다.

a large purple scar marked his cheek.
그의 뺨에는 보라색 흉터가 크게 나 있었다.

a civil war broke out amongst two groups that wished to take over the throne.
왕위를 이으려는 두 집단간에 내전이 일어났다.

a certain degree of crass political action could be inevitable , but nothing can excuse trifling with the economy for the sake of personal gain.
어느 정도 정치적으로 어리석은 행동은 피하지 못해도 자신의 이익을 위해서 경제를 이용하는 것은 용서할 수 없다.

a huge bunch of kids came stampeding down the corridor.
엄청나게 많은 아이들이 떼를 지어 복도를 따라 우르르 몰려 왔다.

a spokesman said it is time for the security council to consider what action needs to be taken for tehran's " continued defiance. ".
대변인은 안전보장 이사회는 테헤란의 계속되는 저항에 어떠한 조치를 취해야 하는지 상고해야 할 때라고 말했습니다.

a spokesman says the agency was forced to start cutting distributions in december to some of its 4.7 million core beneficiaries.
한 대변인은 지난 12월 식량지원을 주로 받아온 470만 북한 주민들 중 상당수에 대한 배급을 어쩔 수 없이 감축했다고 말하고 있습니다.

a poll conducted for abc and the bbc shows iraqis feel safer.
abc와 bbc가 실시했던 여론조사는 이라크인들이 안전하다고 느끼는 것을 보여준다.

a critical review of the discourses on agglomeration economies.
집적경제론의 비판적 고찰.

a un spokesman says the soldier was shot while on guard near the city's jewish cemetery.
유엔 대변인은 그가 사라예보의 유태인 공동 묘지 근처에서 경비하던 도중 총에 맞았다고 전했습니다.

a un peace--keeping vanguard arrived in the area this week.
유엔 평화 유지군 선발대가 이번 주에 그 지역에 도착했다.

a sudden food shortage resulted in a starvation crisis among the people.
심각한 식량 부족으로 사람들은 굶주리게 되었다.

a spacecraft flying near the asteroid gives it a gravitational tug , knocking it off course , and averting a collision.
행성 가까이에서 나는 우주선이 소행성에 중력을 가해 행성을 궤도에서 벗어나게 해 충돌을 피하게 하는 것입니다.

a tiny amount of poison was detected in the corpse.
사체에서 소량의 독극물이 검출되었다.

a korean ambassador is a representative of korea in the country of sojourn.
한국 대사는 주재국에서 한국을 대표하는 인물이다.

a five and a half year stretch for trying to smuggle a pound of heroin into new york.
그녀는 헤로인 1파운드를 뉴욕으로 밀반입하려던 죄목으로 징역 5년 6개월을 선고받았습니다.

a broad plain spreads before us.
넓은 평야가 눈 앞에 펼쳐 있다.

a tall leggy schoolgirl.
키가 크고 다리가 긴 여학생.

a gold necklace hung around her neck.
금목걸이가 그녀 목에 걸려 있었다.

a gold digger unearthed buried treasure.
금광꾼은 매장된 보물을 발굴했다.

a master of the serve-and-volley game.
(테니스에서) 서브를 넣고 바로 발리를 하는 데 명수인 선수.

a document in cyrillic script.
키릴 문자로 된 문서.

a train derailed and turned over.
열차가 탈선하여 전복되었다.

a network device used by telecom carriers to switch high-speed optical signals (oc-3 , oc-12 , oc-48 , etc.).
통신 회사가 고속 광 신호(예 : oc-3 , oc-12 , oc-48)를 전환하는 데 사용하는 네트워크 장치입니다.

a verification of displacement and deformed shape measurement model for safety and serviceability monitoring of structures using terrestrial lidar.
지상 lidar를 이용한 구조물의 안전성 및 사용성 모니터링을 위한 변위 및 변형 형상 계측 모델의 검증.

a group of " modifier " genes apparently interfered , turning off the process of laying down pigment in their eyes.
이는 일단의 " 수정 " 유전자가 개입하여 눈에 색소가 쌓이는 과정을 중단시켰기 때문입니다.

a group of five friends went to dinner at their favorite haunt restaurant and then ice-skating at the local rink.
친구들 다섯 명은 먼저 자신들이 자주 가는 레스토랑에서 저녁을 먹고 동네 스케이트장에 가서 스케이트를 탔다.

a press baron.
언론 부호.

a press baron.
a 남작 baron a.

a press baron.
(외국인에게) ; lord a(.

a troubled scalp may lead to hair loss.
두피 상태가 좋지 않으면 탈모가 된다.

a preliminary study on the establishment of developmental model for higher education facilities.
교육시설의 발전적 model 설정을 위한 기초적연구.

a preliminary study on housing environment for the proper housing.
지역별 주거 개발계획을 위한 예비적 연구.

a preliminary study on compressive strength development of mortar by low-pressure steam curing method.
상압 중기 양생에 의한 모르터의 강도발현성에 관한 기초연구.

a comparison of domestic vernacular architecture between korea and japan.
한국과 일본의 민가건축 비교고찰.

a comparison study about the place of laying a compass with korea , japan and china.
18-19세기 양택서에 있어 나침반 놓는 위치에 대한 동양 삼국의 비교.

a simple statistical ray tracing method for predicting channel characteristics.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

a snake crawled out of the hole.
뱀이 구멍에서 기어나왔다.

a sign painted cream , with the lettering picked out in black.
크림색 바탕에 검은 색으로 눈에 잘 띄게 글자를 쓴 표지판.

a scene in the film , a very special invitation arrives number 4 privet drive.
영화 속의 한 장면에서 매우 특별한 초대장이 프리벳가 4번지에 도착합니다.

a gross violation of human rights.
중대한 인권 침해 행위.

a heart condition disqualified him for military service.
그는 심장병으로 군 복무를 거부당했다.

a highly respected world leader renowned for her tough leadership style , margaret thatcher earned the title the iron lady.
강한 리더십 스타일로 유명한 매우 존경 받는 세계 지도자인 마가렛 대처는 " 철의 여인 " 이란 타이틀을 얻었습니다.

a minister was involved in the scandal.
장관이 추문 사건에 걸렸다.

a direction of the long-term care policy for the elderly in the ageing society.
고령화사회의 노인요양보장정책 방향.

a strategy for the construction market opening , iii : a study the improvement of bid and contract.
ur대비반 , iii : 입찰 , 계약제도 개선방안-기술공모제 도입 및 기술개발보상제도 활성화 방안.

a management trainee.
경영 교육을 받는 사람.

a characteristics simulation of heat pump system for sewage water as a heat source.
하수열원 열펌프 시스템의 성능 시뮬레이션.

a tendency and case samples of mixed - use school facilities in japan.
일본의 학교시설 복합화 동향 및 실례.

a trend of lift up method.
리프트 업 공법의 동향.

a transverse bar joins the two posts.
가로대 하나가 그 두 말뚝을 이어 준다.

a video that was shown in arabic originally , then targeted into turkish , can be aimed more at recruitment , where if it is translated into russian and used in the chechnya area , it emphasizes martyrdom , so they do tailor individually product even though it is the same product.
원래 아랍어로 만들어진 비디오가 터키어로 개작되면서 테러분자 충원을 목표로 하게 되고 , 다시 러시아어로 만들어져서는 체첸 지역에서 순교를 강조하는 등 같은 비디오를 다른 용도로 각색합니다.

a service called telex was offered by western union.
텔렉스라고 불리는 서비스는 웨스턴 유니온에 의해 제공되었습니다.

a trap was laid , with fresh bait.
새 미끼가 끼워진 덫이 놓였다.

a fundamental study on the development of ultra-high-strength concrete with compressive strength over 1200 kg/cm2.
압축강도 1200kg/cm2의 초고강도 콘크리트 개발에 관한 기초적 실험적 연구.

a fundamental study on the properties of mortar using the defective printed circuit board as fine aggregate.
불량 인쇄회로기판을 가공하여 잔골재로 치환 활용하는 모르터의 특성에 관한 연구.

a showcase of some of her best music was displayed at the nb club in gangnam , seoul on july 29.
그녀는 7월 29일 서울 , 강남에 있는 엔비 클럽에서 그녀의 히트곡 일부를 발표하는 쇼케이스를 가졌다.

a mechanic dismantled the engine to replace one part.
기계공이 부품 하나를 교체하기 위해 기계를 분해했다.

a list variable in the .inf file %s is not terminated.
.inf 파일 %s 내의 목록 변수가 종료되지 않았습니다.

a third volume , the technical appendix , will be published shortly.
제3권 , 기술부록은 곧 출판될 것이다.

a third fantasy character is the tooth fairy.
세 번째 환상세계의 주인공은 이의 요정이다.

a spokeswoman for charles'office at clarence house said the royal couple would visit new york , washington dc and san francisco in early november.
클라랜스 하우스에서 찰스의 여성 대변인은 이 두 부부가 11월 초에 뉴욕과 워싱턴과 샌프란시스코를 방문할 것이라고 밝혔다.

a law is a law , however unjust it may seem.
악법도 법이다.

a protocol used to synchronize the realtime clock in a computer.
컴퓨터의 실시간 시계를 동기화하는 데 사용하는 프로토콜이다.

a broader range of military activities are currently involved in a covert operation.
더 광범위한 군사 행동이 현재 비밀 작전에 포함되어 있다.

a tropical cyclone brought heavy rain to western australia last week.
열대 사이클론(폭풍우) 때문에 지난주 오스트레일리아 서부에 폭우가 내렸다.

a dictionary is very useful in studying language.
사전은 어학 공부에 많은 참고가 된다.

a certificate of stock was bought on margin.
증거금을 치르고주식 증권이 사들어 졌다.

a certificate template contains predefined values for certificates.
인증서 템플릿에는 인증서에 필요한 값들이 미리 정의되어 있습니다.

a tape recording of spontaneous speech.
자연스러운 (상황에서 주고받는) 말을 테이프로 녹음한 것.

a one-way ticket to seoul , please.
서울 가는 편도 승차권 한 장 주세요.

a witness must depose to such facts as are within his own knowledge.
증인은 자기가 아는 범위 내에서 증언하지 않으면 안 된다.

a historical study on the woodwork education at mission schools in the early modern times in korea.
근대기 한국 미션계 학교에서 시도한 목공교육에 관한 사적 고찰.

a horse is being hitched to the carriage.
말 한 마리가 마차에 매어져 있다.

a barrier was set up to prevent_ any more accidents.
더 이상의 사고를 막기 위해 방벽을 설치했다.

a texas legislator has proposed stricter sentences for drug offenders.
한 텍사스 의원이 마약 사범에 대한 더욱 엄격한 판결을 제안했다.

a norwegian glacial lake and an aurora are so fantastic.
노르웨이의 빙하호와 오로라는 매우 환상적이다.

a bright star in the night over bethlehem marks the birth of jesus christ.
베들레헴의 한 밤중의 찬란한 별은 예수 그리스도의 탄생을 예고했다.

a bright red santa decorates the u.s. building in havana , cuba.
밝은 빨강의 산타가 쿠바의 하바나에 있는 미국 건물을 장식하고 있습니다.

a bright smile hovered round his mouth.
입가에 환한 웃음이 감돌았다.

a lady says she is prepared to stay on the picket line as long it takes , because nato armies do not belong in ukraine.
한 여성은 나토군은 우크라이나 소속이 아니라면서 이들이 떠날 때까지 시위를 계속할 것이라고 말합니다.

a search for normative planning basis of regional development in asian middle-income developing countries.
아시아 중위개발도상국의 규범적 도시계획기반에 대한 연구.

a shuttle bus will be there to bring you to the seadance resort.
공항에는 씨댄스 리조트로 여사님을 모시고 갈 셔틀 버스가 나와 있을 것입니다.

a lump came into my throat , looking at the sight.
나는 그 광경을 보자 가슴이 뭉클해졌다.

a concert by the philharmonic orchestra , conducted by sir colin davis.
콜린 데이비스 경이 지휘하는 필하모닉 오케스트라 연주회.

a review of the budget shows that energy costs account for nearly one-third of our monthly outlays.
예산안을 검토해보니 에너지 비용이 월 지출의 거의 1/3을 차지하는것으로 나타났다.

a review of approaches used in agro-food quality studies.
농식품 품질 관련 연구들의 접근방법에 대한 고찰.

a prolonged period of dry weather.
오랜 기간 비가 안 오는 날씨.

a wave of booing and jeering rose from the audience.
여기저기서 청중들의 야유가 터져 나왔다.

a wave of nostalgia has hit the village as the school is preparing to close down.
그 학교가 폐교 준비를 하자 밀려오는 향수가 그 마을을 적셨다.

a dumb politician in malaysia proposed to allow women to work only during the day so they can perform their conjugal duties at night.
말레이지아의 어리석은 정치가는 여성들이 밤에는 혼인상의 의무를 다할 수 있도록 낮에만 일하도록 허용해야 한다고 주장했다.

a swindler stand in citizen's light.
사기꾼은 시민의 행복을 방해한다.

a stunt man stood in for the actor in a dangerous scene.
위험한 장면에서는 스턴트맨이 그 배우의 대역을 했다.

a web-based design management methodology through collaboration among professional fields.
전문분야 간 협업을 통한 웹기반 설계관리방안에 관한 연구.

a web-based auction mechanism for mu1ti-agent environment.
1999 추계국제학술대회 논문집.

a basic study on the planning of living space for childcare facilities.
육아시설의 생활공간 계획에 관한 기초적 연구.

a basic study on the character of the replacement and repair cycle of infill constituent appeared in the repair process of the apartment house.
공동주택 보수과정에 나타난 인필 요소의 수선 및 교체주기 특성에 관한 기초적 연구.

a basic study on the methodology to introduce warranty contracting for pavements in korea.
도로포장 성능보증(warranty)계약제도 도입방안에 관한 기초연구.

a basic study for making agricultural sector as macro account.
농업부문 거시계정 설정을 위한 기초연구.

a basic study for environmentally friendly reorganization of highland agriculture.
고랭지농업의 환경친화적 재편을 위한 기초연구.

a methodology of effective implementation of defense information systems.
2002 한국경영정보학회 추계학술대회 - 세계 초일류를 향한 전자정부 및 e-biz 전략.

a theory of home - based telecommuting.
재택근무의 이론.

a typological study on the floor plan characteristics of modern detached housing in korea.
국내 단독주택의 평면구성 유형 분류에 관한 연구.

a couple is sitting in the carriage.
한 커플이 마차에 앉아 있다.

a couple examples of this would be billiards and traveling.
당신이 하고 싶은 것이 무엇이든 간에 , 그것이 18홀 골프든 , 테니스든 , 고우 카트든 아니면 경마든 , 활쏘기나 스킷 사냥이든 아니면 당구이든간에 , 인브로 스는 당신이 필요로 하는 모든 것 뿐만 아니라 그 이상의 것을 제공합니다.

a song he performed for the 1998 world cup , but sang live on the grammy telecast in early '99 triggered the english-speaking world's discovery of martin , and it's been around-the-world non-stop touring since then.
리키 마틴은 1998년 프랑스 월드컵 대회에서 그가 불렀던 월드컵 주제곡( " la copa de la vida "; " the cup of life " )을 '99년 초그래미 시상식의 tv 방송에서 라이브로 불렀고 , 이를 계기로 영어권 나라에서 마틴의 존재가 널리 알려지게 되었습니다. 그 이후 그는 전세계를 돌아다니며.

a song he performed for the 1998 world cup , but sang live on the grammy telecast in early '99 triggered the english-speaking world's discovery of martin , and it's been around-the-world non-stop touring since then.
콘서트 투어를 계속하고 있습니다.

a piece of cake with a candle on it.
케이크 한 조각에 초 꽂아 왔어.

a powerful tornado hit the mid-west regions in the united states , causing huge damages.
강력한 토네이도가 미국 중서부를 강타해 큰 피해가 발생했다.

a common cause of amenorrhea or irregular periods is polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos).
무월경이나 불규칙적인 월경주기는 다낭성 난소 증후군의 일반적 원인이다.

a formal document was hung up on the bulletin board.
공문서가 게시판에 게재됐다.

a roof made of thatch.
짚을 얹은 지붕.

a dirty cut may go septic.
더러운 것에 베이면 패혈성이 될 수가 있다.

a child's vocabulary expands through reading.
아동의 어휘력은 독서를 통해 확장된다.

a farmer's hands are horny from work.
농부의 손은 일을 해서 뿔같이 딱딱하다.

a commanding monument overlooks the square.
위용을 자랑하는 동상 하나가 광장을 내려다 보고 있다.

a suicide bomber made seven people killed in a restaurant in eastern baghdad.
한 자살 폭탄 공격대원이 바그다드 시내 동부 지역 소재 한 식당에서 자폭함으로써 7명이 목숨을 잃었습니다.

a theoretical model for predicting the condensation heat transfer of ternary mixtures inside a horizontal tubes.
3성분 혼합냉매의 수평관내 응축열전달 저하 모델.

a copy of the report is available for you to peruse at your leisure.
그 보고서가 한 부 있으니 여가 날 때 잘 읽어 보세요.

a japanese pop duo entertaining throngs of eager young fans in south korea's capital.
일본의 2인조 팝 그룹이 한국의 수도 서울에서 수많은 젊은 팬들이 열광하는 가운데 공연을 하고 있습니다.

a trailer is being attached to the van.
트레일러를 밴에 연결하고 있다.

a cup is on the table.
컵 한 개가 탁자 위에 있다.

a bomb explosion damaged the building.
폭발로 인해 건물이 파손되었다.

a bomb tore apart the minibus , killing at least three iraqis.
이 폭탄 테러로 미니버스가 산산조각이 났고 최소 3명의 이라크인이 목숨을 잃었다.

a barometer is used to measure the pressure of the atmosphere.
기압계는 기압을 재는 데 이용된다.

a barometer shows possible changes in the weather.
기압계를 통해 기상 변화를 예측할 수 있다.

a tense atmosphere reigns at the office. or there is something tense in the air at the office.
사내의 공기가 매우 험악하다.

a 1941 newspaper photo shows a crowd gathered around the world's largest clam fritter , created out of 200 pounds of clams , 20 dozen eggs , 20 pounds each of flour , cornmeal , and cracker meal , plus 10 gallons of milk , and 13 gallons of salad oil.
1941년도 신문사진을 보면 '세계최대의 대합조개 튀김'주변에 사람들이 몰려있는 것을 볼 수 있다. 이 튀김의 재료는 대합조개 200파운드 , 계란 240개 , 밀.

a 1941 newspaper photo shows a crowd gathered around the world's largest clam fritter , created out of 200 pounds of clams , 20 dozen eggs , 20 pounds each of flour , cornmeal , and cracker meal , plus 10 gallons of milk , and 13 gallons of salad oil.
가루 , 맷돌에 간 옥수수 , 크래커 가루 각각 20파운드 , 우유 10갤런과 샐러드 오일 13갤런이다.

a comparative study of design guidelines for the decentralized rainwater management of apartment house.
분산식 빗물관리를 위한 공동주택 외부공간 설계지침 연구.

a comparative study on the facilities' type of gyungrodang in urban single rousing district and present condition of welfare service of the elderly.
도시단독주택단지 경로당 시설유형 및 노인복지서비스 이용현황에 관한 비교 연구.

a comparative study on the redevelopment of hamburg hafencity and busan north port.
하펜시티와 부산 북항의 재개발에 관한 비교연구.

a comparative study on korean cities using aerial photographs.
항공사진에 의한 한국도시의 시가지 변천과정 비교연구.

a comparative study on integrated building models.
통합건물모델의 개발동향과 비교분석연구.

a comparative study on villa savoye of le corbusier and earlier houses of newyork5.
르 꼬르뷔제의 빌라 사보이와 뉴욕 5의 초기주택작품 분석 연구.

a comparative study on demolition methods in the buildings.
건축물의 해체공법에 관한 비교연구.

a comparative study on spatial composition methods and community activity space of townhouse in metropolitan area.
도시 타운하우스의 주호 공간구성 방식과 커뮤니티 활동공간에 관한 연구.

a comparative study for the modal analyses of the shear wall-type structures.
벽식 구조물의 모드 해석의 비교연구.

a comparative analysis of field and slide survey on subjective image of the nightscape.
야경의 주관적 이미지에 관한 현지평가와 슬라이드평가의 비교분석.

a comparative analysis of korean construction companies' strategy for engineering constructor.
국내 건설업체의 규모별 ec화 추진방향 비교분석.

a comparative analysis and its implications of foreign marine cadastre system.
외국의 해양지적제도 비교분석 및 정책방향.

a comparative analyses on the characteristics of 'compact city' and 'low-energy-consuming city'.
에너지 절약형 1122와 압축1122의 특성 비교 분석.

a swimmer in difficulty called out for help.
곤경에 처한 수영객이 도와달라고 소리쳤다.

a series of terrorist bombings threw the citizenry into a state of panic.
연쇄 폭탄 테러가 일어나자 시민들은 공황 상태에 빠졌다.

a series of fires has been deliberately lit in city beach.
도심 해변가에서 연쇄방화가 일어나고 있다.

a series of calamities ruined them -- floods , a failed harvest and the death of a son.
홍수 , 흉작 , 아들의 죽음으로 줄줄이 이어진 재난이 그들을 파멸시켰다.

a series of niggling injuries.
계속 이어지는 작은 부상들.

a persian rug covered the hardwood floors.
다른 스포츠처럼 , 이것은 애매 모호한 기원을 가지고 있고 이것의 자취는 고대 이집트와 페르시아와 관련 있습니다.

a breakfast bar , some fiber-rich cereal , and a hard-boiled egg are all good options.
아침 식사 대용 시리얼 바나 식이섬유가 풍부한 시리얼이나 완숙 달걀도 모두 좋습니다.

a telephone is installed. or the telephone service is operated.
전화가 달려 있다.

a universe which has spatial and temporal dimensions.
공간적 차원과 시간적 차원을 갖는 우주.

a brilliant technician , palmer was probably the most accomplished pianist of her generation.
훌륭한 기교가인 파머는 아마 자기 세대 중 가장 뛰어난 피아노 연주자이었을 것이다.

a drug abuser.
약물 남용자.

a millimeter is a tenth of a centimeter.
1밀리미터는 1센티미터의 10분의 1이다.

a ban is already in place for imports from turkey , romania , russia and thailand.
이미 터키 , 루마니아 , 러시아 , 타이로부터의 수입은 전면 금지되었습니다.

a severe infection from the break ultimately resulted in the amputation of his leg.
상처로 인한 심각한 감염은 궁극적으로 그의 다리를 절단하는 결과에 이르렀다.

a chronic alcoholic/depressive.
만성 알코올 중독자/우울증 환자.

a boat is moving through the foaming brine.
보트는 거친 바다 사이를 항해하고 있다.

a patient with appendicitis experiences abdominal pain.
맹장염을 앓는 환자들은 복통을 경험합니다.

a gentleman from england says his dog bella is the oldest dog in the world.
한 영국 신사는 그의 개 벨라가 세상에서 가장 나이가 많은 개라고 말해요.

a lorry load of frozen fish.
냉동 생선을 실은 대형 화물차.

a supervisor must assign unpopular tasks equally among employees.
관리자는 직원들에게 하기 싫은 업무들을 공평하게 나눠 주어야만 한다.

a hanging bell is tinkling in the wind.
풍경이 바람에 뎅그렁거린다.

a wooden image of the hindu god ganesh.
힌두교의 신인 가네샤 목상.

a systematic management of housing information.
주택정보 수집 및 관리 체계화 방안 연구.

a harvard medical school study backs that up.
하버드 의과대학원의 연구도 이를 뒷받침하고 있습니다.

a flexible method for managing the assignment of bits of an ipv6 address block.
ipv6 주소블럭 비트 할당에 대한 유연한 관리 방법.

a contrastive analysis of british and australian english.
영국 영어와 호주 영어 대조 분석.

a handful of onlookers stand in the field watching.
그들은 낯 뜨겁게 대낮에 길에서 입을 맞췄다.

a conservative lawmaker was disbench of his party leadership posts and faced heavy pressure to resign.
야당의 한 의원은 당 지도부 직을 빼앗기고 , 중대한 사임 압력에 시달리고 있습니다.

a majority of the survey participants ranked job security higher than a good salary.
조사에 참여한 대다수의 사람들은 고임금보다는 직업의 안정성을 더 높이 꼽았다.

a majority of india's middle class is well-educated , well-spoken and their mantra in life is not to save , but spend.
인도 중산층은 대부분 교육 수준이 높고 , 화술도 뛰어납니다. 그리고 이들의 인생 목표는 저축이 아니라 소비에 있습니다.

a papal legate.
교황 특사.

a badly thrown rock could hurt a child.
잘못 던져진 돌멩이는 아이를 다치게 할 수 있었다.

a biopsy is scheduled for the 21st of december.
생체검사가 12월 21일에 잡혀있다.

a surgeon whacked off the boy's tonsils.
외과 의사가 소년의 편도선을 제거했다.

a dynamic analysis of labor turnover in korea (written in korean).
한국노동시장의 동태적 구조분석.

a establishing of the color palette by image types of exterior color in apartment house.
아파트 외장의 이미지 유형별 색채일람표 제작.

a comfort logic of hybrid ac system coupled with natural ventilation , heating and cooling system.
자연환기와 냉난방시스템을 병용한 하이브리드공조의 제어개념.

a 13 amp fuse / plug.
13암페어짜리 퓨즈/플러그.

a volcanic eruption in the peruvian andes has revealed the mummies of three people sacrificed by the incas 500 years ago , scientists said tuesday.
페루의 안데스 산맥 화산 폭발로 500년 전 잉카족에 의해 제물로 바쳐졌던 세 구의 미라가 발견되었다고 과학자들이 화요일에 발표했습니다.

a detective is trying to bring a murderer's guts into his mouth.
형사는 살인자를 자백시키려고 노력하고 있다.

a statue was erected to mark the bicentennial of the composer's birth.
그 작곡가의 탄생 200주년을 맞아 동상이 세워졌다.

a statue was erected to mark the bicentennial of the composer's birth.
그 작곡가의 탄생 200주년을 기리기 위해 동상이 세워졌다.

a venus flytrap grows in places where the soil is not very good.
파리지옥은 토양이 좋지 않은 곳에서 자랍니다.

a desperate craving to be loved.
사랑받고 싶다는 간절한 열망.

a paper clip is used to fasten the pages.
클립은 페이지를 한데 묶는 데 사용된다.

a massive weight smashed down on my head.
무언가 육중한 물건이 내 머리를 내리쳤다.

a useful rheometer for cement paste in field.
현장용 시멘트페이스트 레올로지 측정기구 개발.

a flock of birds swept by.
한 떼의 새들이 휙 날아갔다.

a flock of ducks paddled idly on the lake.
오리 떼가 호수에서 한가로이 노닐고 있었다.

a dispute arose between the management and the employees.
경영주와 종업원 간에 쟁의가 일어났다.

a wealthy benefactor came to their rescue with a generous donation.
한 부유한 기부자가 후한 기부를 하여 그들을 구제하게 되었다.

a mild narcotic.
약한 진통제.

a legion consisted of heavily armored infantry (foot soldiers).
보병군단은 중무장한 보병으로 구성되어 있다.

a chink in the curtains.
커튼 사이로 난 틈.

a subtle difference of opinion has arisen between team members.
팀원들 사이에 미묘한 의견 차이가 생겼다.

a comfy , cosy gem of a place.
편하고 아늑한 정말 아름다운 곳.

a mesa is a type of land formation that sticks out from the earth below with a flat surface on top.
메사는 땅 밑에서 솟아나온 꼭대기가 평평한 한 종류의 지형이에요.

a rocket launcher.
로켓 발사 장치.

a leaderless organization is bound to go badly adrift.
지도자가 없는 조직은 표류할 수밖에 없다.

a briefing and countermeasures on architectural design market opening.
건축설계시장 개방상황 및 대응방안.

a schematic design for na-num elementary school in anyang.
안양 나눔초등학교 계획설계 연구.

a schematic design study for jungkyung high school in seoul.
서울 중경고등학교 교사 재배치 계획설계 연구.

a submarine touched off a missile.
잠수함이 미사일을 발사했다.

a mathematical model for determining the safe level of pesticides in food.
식품 속 농약 안전 수준을 결정하기 위한 수학적 모델.

a hobby begins late in life.
취미는 삶에서 늦게 시작되기 마련이다.

a compromise has been duly effected between the two.
양자 사이에 적당하게 타협이 이루어졌다.

a judge casted a killer into prison.
판사는 살인범을 투옥하였다.

a freezing of utility prices remains an issue.
공공요금 동결이 남은 과제이다.

a cube is a polyhedron.
정육면체는 다면체이다.

a shark's dorsal fin.
상어의 등지느러미.

a ruler is a person who governs.
통치자는 통치를 하는 사람을 말한다.

a chorus of approval runs across the ship.
승인의 합창곡이 배와 우연히 마주쳤다.

a carpenter was walking around here and there with his sons looking for a big and fine tree.
한 목수가 아들들과 함께 숲 속을 여기저기 걸으며 크고 실한 나무를 찾고 있었습니다.

a carpenter drills holes for screws with an electric drill.
목수가 전기 드릴로 나사가 들어갈 구멍을 뚫는다.

a bandage was wound around his arm.
그의 팔은 붕대로 휘감겨 있었다.

a persuasive politician has an ability to talk people around.
설득력 있는 정치가는 남을 설득하는 능력이 있다.

a seasonal rain front is advancing north.
장마 전선이 북상하고 있다.

a styling product to give your hair more oomph.
당신의 머리에 특별한 매력을 주는 스타일용 상품.

a bag to carry my makeup and toiletries when i travel.
여행 중에 화장품 등을 휴대할 수 있는 가방이요.

a grocery store is on the third floor.
식료품점은 3층에 있다.

a blacksmith is changing the horseshoe on the horse's forelimb.
대장장이가 말의 앞다리 편자를 교체하고 있다.

a piano piece transcribed for the guitar.
기타곡으로 편곡된 피아노곡.

a quirky sense of humour.
별난 유머 감각.

a mole on the hand , however , is the most desired.
무엇보다 , 손에 점이 있으면 가장 좋다.

a mole has formed on the cheek.
뺨에 사마귀가 돋았다.

a fisherman cast a net into the water.
낚싯꾼이 물 속으로 그물을 던졌다.

a discus thrower.
원반던지기 선수.

a bishop supervises many priests or ministers.
주교는 많은 성직자들을 관리 감독한다.

a tiger is swimming toward us.
호랑이가 우리에게로 헤엄쳐오고 있어요.

a topical joke / reference.
시사성 있는 농담/시사적인 언급.

a con man who bilked investors out of millions of dollars.
투자자들에게서 수백만 달러를 사취한 사기꾼.

a reprobate son who habitually beat his parents was arrested.
부모를 상습적으로 폭행해 온 패륜아가 구속되었다.

a analytic study on the image of the exterior wall materials.
건물 외벽재료의 이미지 분석에 관한 연구.

a static , dynamic study on the economic value change of housing price determinants.
주택가격결정요인의 경제적 가치 변화에 관한 정태적 , 동태적 연구.

a bikini is a piece of clothing in two separate parts that women wear for swimming.
비키니는 여자가 수영할 때 입는 두 부분으로 분리된 옷이다.

a memento of our trip to italy.
우리의 이탈리아 여행을 기념하는 기념품.

a bullet went through his thigh.
총알이 그의 넓적다리를 관통했다.

a storyteller who can hold audiences spellbound.
독자들이 넋을 잃고 몰두하게 만들 수 있는 작가.

a haunting melody/experience/image.
잊혀지지 않는 멜로디/경험/이미지.

a candlelight vigil was held friday evening.
촛불시위가 금요일 저녁에 개최됐다.

a motto of our club is save nature.
우리 동아리의 좌우명은 자연을 구하자 " 는 거야.

a cacao pod contains about 30-50 almond-sized seeds - enough to make about seven milk chocolate candy bars !.
카카오 한 개 꼬투리에는 30~50여 개의 아몬드 사이즈의 씨앗이 들어있으며 이는 7개의 밀크 초코 캔디바를 만들 정도로 충분해요 !.

a staunch advocate of free speech.
강력한 언론 자유 옹호자.

a fundermental properties of the concrete depending on the liquid typemas(modified alkali sulphate) based high early strength agent.
mas계 액상형 조강제를 사용한 콘크리트의 기초적 특성.

a conceptual study on sensibility of space design.
공간디자인의 감성에 대한 개념적 연구.

a conceptual framework for determining project delivery systems of public construction projects.
공공건설사업 발주방식 결정의 개념적 체제에 관한 연구.

a charming spiral staircase leads up to the fabulous loft that overlooks the living room.
매력적인 나선형 계단을 따라 올라가면 거실이 내려다보이는 아주 멋진 위층이 나온다.

a dazzling display of oriental dance.
동양 무용의 현란한 춤사위.

a refreshing tangy lemon flavour.
상큼하게 톡 쏘는 듯한 레몬 맛.

a drastic switch in foreign policies is necessary.
외교정책의 과감한 전환이 필요하다.

a drastic diet can cause serious malnutrition.
과도한 다이어트로 심한 영양실조에 이를 수 있다.

a hoe is an agricultural tool.
괭이는 농기구이다.

a reconsideration on liberal agrarian policies in the 1980s.
1980년대 자유주의 농정에 대한 평가.

a disposable nappy.
1회용 기저귀.

a governing / a regulatory / an advisory / a review body.
행정부/관리부/자문팀/평가팀.

a humidity below 60 percent is best.
습도가 60%보다 낮을 때 , 가장 좋다.

a lifeboat came to the sailors' rescue.
선원들을 구하기 위해 구조선이 왔다.

a thumping majority.
압도적인 다수.

a sexy walk is essential if you are going to be a slinky sexpot.
만약 섹시한 사람이 되려면 섹시한 걸음걸이는 필수이다.

a postscript of vision value planning workshop on korea association for life - cycle cost engineering and management.
kalcem vision value workshop 후기.

a commotion broke out in the classroom when the students heard the news.
그 소식에 교실 안은 갑자기 술렁거렸다.

a consultation document/paper/period/process.
협의 기록/서류/기간/과정.

a capillary in my eye has burst.
눈의 실핏줄이 터졌다.

a plaster bust of julius caesar.
줄리어스 시저의 소석고 흉상.

a protestor , dressed as santa claus , climbs a tree in the styx forest , tasmania , australia , on november 12.
산타클로스 복장을 입은 한 시위자가 지난 11월 12일 호주 타스마니아의 스틱스 포레스트에 있는 나무에 기어 오르고 있다.

a flush mounted to her face.
그녀는 얼굴이 빨개졌다.

a withered leaf trembles in the wind.
마른 나뭇잎이 바람결에 간댕거린다.

a culture-shopping space plan through communication as a solution to activate the commercial area of itaewon.
이태원 상업지역 활성화 방안으로서 소통을 통한 문화쇼핑공간 건축구상.

a tear plopped down onto the page she was reading.
그녀가 읽고 있던 책장 위로 눈물이 한 방울 툭 떨어졌다.

a hamas official said the group does not accept ultimatums that can prejudice the result of talks between the factions.
하마스의 한 관계관은 하마스는 정파간의 회담 결과에 편견을 갖게 할 수 있는 최후통첩을 수용하지 않을 것이라고 말했습니다.

a hamas militant died in a separate israeli attack.
이와는 별도의 이스라엘 군 공격으로 하마스 과격분자 한 명이 사망했습니다.

a trout hatchery.
송어 부화장.

a time-varying parameter approach to constructing the transaction-based price index of seoul office market.
시변모수법에 의한 오피스 매매가격지수 구축에 관한 연구.

a sparrow flew into the classroom.
참새 한 마리가 교실 안으로 날아들었다.

a lymph node.
림프절.

a takeover bid for the company.
그 회사에 대한 기업 인수 시도.

a glimpse of this jackson impersonator must have caused this woman's vessels to both expand and constrict.
여기 마이클 잭슨으로 분장한 사람을 잠깐 본 것만으로도 이 여성의 혈관은 확장과 축소가 병행되었을 법 합니다.

a glimpse of this (michael) jackson impersonator must have caused this woman's vessels to both expand and constrict.
여기 마이클 잭슨으로 분장한 사람을 잠깐 본 것만으로도 이 여성의 혈관은 확장과 축소를 병행했을 법 합니다.

a nifty little gadget for slicing cucumbers.
오이 자를 때 쓰기 좋은 작은 기구.

a caterpillar changes into a butterfly.
모충은 나비로 변한다.

a caterpillar develops into a butterfly or moth.
애벌레는 나비나 나방으로 성장한다.

a wispy beard.
성긴 수염.

a conversational tone.
대화하는 말투.

a bushy beard/tail.
숱 많은 수염/꼬리.

a corn/reed/snow bunting.
옥수수밭 멧새/갈대밭 멧새/흰멧새.

a plurality of influences.
수많은 영향력들.

a post-design evaluation and analysis of the bun-dang shopping center development.
분당 쇼핑단지설계의 사후평가와 분석.

a bulwark against communism.
공산주의로부터 보호해 주는 것.

a pepperoni pizza.
페퍼로니 피자.

a jellyfish is floating on the surface of the sea.
바다 위에 해파리가 떠 있다.

a life-size bronze figure of a brooding , hooded woman.
그녀는 사위가 온다고 씨암탉을 잡았다.

a copyright is the right to exclusive publication or sale of a work.
저작권은 독점적으로 작품을 출판하거나 판매할수 있는 권리이다.

a crane has long , slender legs.
두루미는 다리가 껑충하다.

a dog/horse/cattle , etc. breeder.
개/말/소 등의 사육자.

a loaf of bread is one thousand won.
빵 한 덩어리에 천원이다.

a wrecked ship was found off shore.
해안에서 떨어진 곳에서 난파선이 발견되었다.

a spoiled child wants his own way all the time.
버릇없는 아이는 언제나 제 뜻대로만 하려고 한다.

a banker made a big gain on his investment.
한 은행가가 투자로 큰 수익을 얻었다.

a castle set on a crag above the village.
마을 위 험준한 바위 산 위에 자리 잡은 성.

a collar and cuffs of white lace.
하얀 레이스로 된 칼라와 소맷동.

a shepherd takes good care of sheep.
양치기는 양들을 잘 돌본다.

a spin bowler.
(크리켓에서) 스핀볼을 던지는 투수.

a rumble came from the bowels of the earth.
땅속 저 깊은 곳에서부터 우르릉거리는 소리가 울려 나왔다.

a jumbo pack of cornflakes.
특대형 콘플레이크 한 통.

a botanist is a scientist who studies plants.
식물학자는 식물을 연구하는 과학자이다.

a hairdressing salon.
이발소 , 미장원.

a carpet sweeper.
카펫 청소기.

a constricted vision of the world.
세계에 대한 제한된 시각.

a blitz on passengers who avoid paying fares.
무임승차 승객에 대한 불시 검표.

a blithe and carefree girl.
쾌활하고 근심걱정 없는 소녀.

a blistering attack.
맹비판을 퍼붓는 공격.

a blinding flash of light.
눈이 부시게 번쩍이는 불빛.

a vice-chairman of the chinese patriotic catholic association (liu bainian) said father paul pei junmin was named assistant bishop of the northeastern city of shenyang today (sunday).
중국 애국 가톨릭 협회의 부회장은 , 바오로 페이 준민 신부가 일요일 센양 교구의 부 주교로 임명됐다고 말했습니다.

a clergyman read the liturgy from the prayer-book.
성직자들은 자신들의 욕구 중 많은 것들을 억제한다.

a fearless mountaineer.
두려움 없는 산악인.

a billionaire has created a technique to clone dinosaurs.
올해 41살인 페트리 켈네르씨는 포브스 잡지의 억만장자 대열에 합류한 첫 체코인입니다.그가 사업에 뛰어든 것은 체코 정부가 국영기업을 민영화하기 시.

a billionaire has created a technique to clone dinosaurs.
작한 1992년의 일이었습니다.

a melancholy feeling crept ever her.
그녀는 어쩐지 우울해졌다.

a bemused expression/smile.
어리벙벙한 표정/어정쩡한 미소.

a peal of bells rang out.
종소리가 울려 퍼졌다.

a handcart banged against the wall.
손수레가 벽에 쾅 부딪쳤다.

a prostitute tipped a man the wink.
창녀는 한 남자에게 눈짓을 했다.

a phonetic symbol / transcription.
발음 기호/음성 표기.

a sonata in the key of e flat major.
e 플랫 장조로 된 소나타.

a man-eating shark appeared at the beach.
식인상어가 해안에 나타났다.

a gull flies skimming the water.
갈매기가 물위에 닿을락 말락 하게 날아간다.

a barrage of questions/criticisms/complaints.
질문/비난/항의 세례.

a barefaced lie.
뻔뻔스러운 거짓말.

a cider press.
사과즙 짜는 기계.

a balmy wind ruffled the surface of the water.
아늑한 바람이 수면을 일렁였다.

a trademark creates an image for a product and can be a powerful marketing device.
등록 상표는 상품의 이미지를 창출하므로 강력한 마케팅 장치가 될 수 있다.

a volley of shots rang out.
일제 사격을 해 대는 총성이 울려 퍼졌다.

a diploma is the hallmark of capacity.
졸업 증명서는 능력을 증명하는 보증서이다.

a babble of voices.
왁자지껄 떠드는 목소리들.

a pane of glass with a dimple pattern.
표면이 옴폭옴폭 들어가게 되어 있는 유리 한 장.

a curfew was imposed to prevent looting.
약탈 행위를 막기 위해 야간 통행 금지가 실시됐다.

a cuddly rabbit.
껴안을 수 있는 토끼 인형.

a shrub or bush is a large plant rather like a small tree , without a trunk , but with a group of branches growing from near the ground.
줄기가 없이 가지처럼 생긴 것들이 땅에서부터 엉겨 자라는 관목.

a crusty old man.
화를 잘 내는 노인.

a last-minute goal by henry eldred gave maine the victory it needed to qualify for the playoffs in boston later this month.
메인팀은 헨리 엘드레드가 마지막 순간에 넣은 골로 승리를 거둠으로써 이달 말에 보스턴에서 열리는 플레이오프전에 참가할 자격을 얻었다.

a clash of opinion between the two (parties) is inevitable.
양측의 의견 충돌은 피할 수 없다.

a 45-year-old elephant living in a zoo in croatia named suma got better after listening to the music of mozart.
크로아티아의 한 동물원에 사는 45세의 코끼리 슈마는 모차르트 음악을 들은 후에 병에서 회복되었다.

a cordless , updated version of the intellimouse explorer that uses an opticalsensor instead of a trackball.
이 무선 마우스는 트랙볼 대신 광학 센서를 이용하는 인텔리 마우스 익스플로러의 최신 버전이다.

a diver's paradise which is famous for its fascinating coral formations , a large variety of fish and invertebrates , and exceptionally clear water.
그 곳은 다이버들의 낙원으로 환상적인 산호층과 다양한 종류의 물고기 , 무척추 동물들 , 그리고 더 없이 맑은 물로 이름나있다.

a harmonious sex life plays an important part in a marriage.
원만한 성생활은 결혼 생활에 중요한 역할을 한다.

a precedent study on the photonic switching technology.
광교환기술 선행 연구.

a subpar performance.
수준 이하의 공연.

a nolble accurate numerical prediction method on indoor contaminant distribution.
실내농도분포의 고정도 수직예측법에 관한 연구.

a highly-educated man like you should be doing something more constructive.
당신처럼 고등교육을 받은 사람은 좀더 건설적인 일을 하고 있어야죠.

a semantic study on environmental-friendly of interior architecture materials.
실내건축재료의 환경친화에 관한 의미론적 고찰.

a steward demonstrates how to put on a life jacket.
승무원이 구명 조끼 착용법을 시범해 보인다.

a consensual approach.
대체로 동의하는 방법.

a pitiable lack of talent.
한심한 재능 부족.

a decision-making model for shortening construction period through concurrent engineering.
동시공학을 통한 공기단축 의사결정 모델.

a proverb goes that time is money.
시간은 금이라는 말이 있다.

a melodramatic plot full of deceit and murder.
기만과 살인투성이의 멜로드라마 같은 줄거리.

a comparable house in the south of the city would cost twice as much.
시 남부에서는 비슷한 집이 두 배는 비쌀 것이다.

a 10-year-old boy named ryan dickey found this four-legged chick at his home.
라이언 디키라는 10세 소년이 자신의 집에서 이 다리 네 개 달린 병아리를 발견했답니다.

a lubrication analysis between the piston and cylinder in variable speed reciprocating compressor.
가변속 re-comp 의 피스톤 - 실린더에서의 윤활해석.

a snort of disgust.
혐오스럽다는 듯한 코웃음.

a questionnaire survey on the development scheme and cognizance of the actual condition of ecological polis and construction industry.
생태도시 건설 사업에 대한 청주 주민들의 인식실태와 발전방안.

a mug of steaming hot coffee.
김이 나는 뜨거운 커피 한 (머그)잔.

a clump of trees/bushes.
한 무리의 나무들/덤불들.

a four-leaf clover is a token of good luck.
네잎 클로버는 행운의 징표이다.

a lline of events led to the closure.
일련의 사건으로 그것은 폐쇄되었다.

a clerkship is vacant in our firm.
우리 회사에 사무원 자리가 하나 났다.

a treble voice.
트레블 목소리.

a laundry/rubbish/garbage chute.
빨랫감/쓰레기/(특히 가정용) 쓰레기 활송 장치(고층 건물에서 이러한 것들을 아래로 내려 보내는 장치).

a fish's ventral fin.
물고기의 배지느러미.

a dimple appears in one of her cheeks when she smiles.
그녀는 웃으면 한 쪽 볼에 보조개가 생긴다.

a childless couple/marriage.
자식이 없는 부부/결혼 생활.

a cherubic face.
천사 같은 얼굴.

a defective hand grenade exploded and killed 2 men.
불량 수류탄이 폭발하여 두 명이 사망했다.

a normative evaluation on changes in journey - to - work distance with multiple employment centers : the case of seoul.
다핵화 정책에 의한 직주근접 효과의 규범적 평가.

a swoop by customs officers netted a large quantity of drugs.
세관 직원들이 급습하여 많은 양의 마약을 압수했다.

a caravan of merchants and their camels crossed the desert.
낙타를 탄 대상들이 사막을 가로질러갔다.

a capitation fee for each pupil.
학생 개개인에 대한 균일 수업료.

a canny politician.
약삭빠른 정치가.

a stewardess is serving a meal.
여자 승무원이 식사를 제공하고 있다.

a calculable risk.
계산할 수 있는 위험도.

a proxemical study of the consumption space- focus on the caf space.
현대 소비공간의 근접학적 연구.

a duodenal ulcer.
십이지장 궤양.

a droopy moustache.
아래로 처진 수염.

a dragonfly was caught in a spider's web.
잠자리가 거미줄에 걸렸다.

a doleful expression/face/song.
애절한 표정/얼굴/노래.

a puppet is any character controlled by strings , sticks or by the use of a glove.
꼭두각시는 줄 , 막대 또는 장갑을 사용해서 조정되는 인형이다.

a dollop of whipped cream.
거품 크림 한 덩이.

a grapevine is a vine that grapes grow on.
포도덩굴은 포도가 자라는 줄기이다.

a disinterested onlooker/spectator.
객관적인 구경꾼/관람자.

a diminution in population growth.
인구 증가의 감소.

a digger claws at the dirt.
굴착기가 땅을 긁고 있다.

a devotee of the chinese shrine kathu pierces a dagger through his tongue on october 3 at the annual vegetarian festival in phuket , thailand.
중국 카투신사의 한 신봉자가 10월 3일 태국의 푸켓의 채식자 페스티발 행사에서 단검으로 그의 혀를 뚫는다.

a vehement denial/attack/protest , etc.
격렬한 부인/맹렬한 공격/거센 항의 등.

a gruelling journey that would have daunted a woman half her age.
그러나 많은 여성에게 전통적으로 남성에게만 해당되었던 운동에 도전해 보는 것은 약간은 기가 꺾이는 일일 수 있습니다.

a lantern dangles in the breeze.
초롱이 바람에 간드랑거린다.

a hulking figure crouching in the darkness.
어둠 속에 웅크리고 있는 거대한 모습.

a wistful smile.
아쉬워하는 미소.

a holdup at gunpoint happened in the local grocery store.
동네 슈퍼에서 권총강도사건이 났다.

a hitherto unknown species of moth.
지금까지 알져지지 않은 종류의 나방.

a henhouse.
닭장.

a miser stood a person in buying a lunch.
한 구두쇠는 점심 사는 돈이 남에게 들게 하였다.

a faith/spiritual healer.
신앙/영적 치유자.

a lustful woman is occasionally rebuffed by man.
욕정적 여성은 가끔 남자에게 거절 당한다.

a filial son makes a loyal subject.
충신은 효자 가문에서 나온다.

a sportsman.
스포츠맨.

a loach is swimming to the tadpole.
미꾸라지 한 마리가 올챙이에게로 헤엄쳐 가고 있어요.

a limner is a type of artist.
초상화가는 일종의 예술가이다.

a tweed jacket.
트위드 재킷.

a broad-leaved plant.
잎이 넓은 식물.

a lawnmower.
잔디 깎는 기계.

a streetcar rumbled over the bridge.
전차가 드르르 소리를 내며 다리를 지나갔다.

a murderous attack.
사람을 죽이려 드는 공격.

a multidisciplinary course.
다학제 간의 교육 과정.

a stampede at a religious gathering in southern pakistan has killed at least 29 women and children.
파키스탄 남부의 종교 행사장에서 9일 압사 사고로 여성들과 어린이 적어도 29명이 숨졌습니다.

a midweek defeat for the team.
주중에 있은 그 팀의 패배.

a masterly performance.
거장다운 공연.

a mangy dog.
흡윤개선에 걸린 개.

a nuptial mass.
혼인 성사.

a northeaster lasted for three days and destroyed many homes.
강한 북동풍이 3일 동안 계속되어 많은 가옥이 파괴되었다.

a nauseating smell.
역겨운 냄새.

a salutary lesson is there to be learned.
유익한 과목은 학습되어지는 것이 있다.

a psychosomatic illness is caused by anxiety and worry and not by an infection or injury.
정신 신체 상관적인 질병은 걱정과 근심에서 생겨나지 , 감염이나 상해로 야기되는 것은 아니다.

a protrusion of rock gave us shelter from the storm.
돌출한 바위 밑에서 폭풍우를 피했다.

a protrusion on the rock face.
바위 표면의 돌출부.

a privet hedge.
쥐똥나무 생울타리.

a posy is a small bunch of flowers.
꽃다발은 꽃들을 묶어 놓은 것이다.

a posse of armed policemen made their way to the suspect' s address.
무장한 경찰 보안대가 용의자의 주소로 갔다.

a plummy accent.
잉글랜드 상류층 특유의 말투.

a plover dove into the lake and caught a small fish.
물떼새가 호수로 뛰어들어 작은 물고기를 낚았다.

a pillowcase with a lace border.
레이스로 가두리를 친 베갯잇.

a patchy knowledge of spanish.
고르지 못한 스페인어 지식.

a snail's shell is spiral in form.
달팽이 껍질은 형태가 나선 모양이다.

a rickety chair.
비뚝거리는 의자.

a reversion to traditional farming methods.
전통 농사법으로의 회귀.

a themal performance analysis on the optical properties for daylighting materials in office building.
seri-res를 이용한 radiant floor heating system의 열성능 분석.

a photogalvanic cell is essentially a battery ; charged by a photo-redox reaction.
감광기전의 세포는 본질적으로 전지입니다 ; 빛 산화 환원 작용으로 충전되는.

a syrupy romantic novel.
지나치게 감상적인 연애 소설.

a survivable air crash.
생존 가능한 항공기 사고.

a supine position.
반듯이 누운 자세.

a sunspot is a relatively cool area on the sun.
태양의 흑점은 비교적 태양의 시원한 지역에 있다.

a stapler is being filled with staples.
스테이플러에 철침을 채워 넣고 있다.

a sprightly 80-year-old.
정정한 팔순 노인.

a somnolent sunday afternoon.
나른한 일요일 오후.

a 147 break.
147점의 연속 득점(스누커(snooker)에서 가능한 최대 연속 득점 수).

a skylark flew up into the sky.
종다리가 하늘로 날아올랐다.

a shoal of fish swam past.
한 떼의 물고기가 헤엄쳐 지나갔다.

a far-sighted government deals with issues well in advance of them actually hitting you in the face.
선견지명이 있는 정부라면 문제가 코 앞에 현실로 닥치기 전에 조치를 취합니다.

a sideward glance.
곁눈질.

a shrunken old woman.
쪼그라든 노파.

a shortlist for a literary prize.
문학상 최종 심사 대상자 명단.

a shoeshine stand on west 32nd street.
웨스트 32번가에 있는 구두 닦는 곳.

a cross-sectional analysis of the household equivalence scale in korea (written in korean).
1984년 도시가구의 동등화소비단위 추정과 분석.

a scowling man briskly led the queen's husband away from the great unwashed.
그 죄수는 교도관을 노려보았다.

a scuttling scorpion might not notice its enemy until it's too late to escape.
황급히 달려가던 전갈은 천적의 존재를 알아채지 못하고 그 옆을 지나가다 여지없이 잡아먹힙니다.

a scab formed over the wound.
상처에 딱지가 앉았다.

a sachet of sauce / sugar / shampoo.
소스/설탕/샴푸 한 봉지.

a tubercular infection.
결핵성 전염병.

a deep-throated roar.
목 깊은 곳에서 울려 나오는 포효.

a threshold-type call admission control for multi-rate traffic in cdma system.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

a lion-tamer.
사자 조련사.

a talkfest.
토론 대회.

a word's meaning is derived not just from its etymology but from its usage.
한 단어의 의미는 단지 그 말의 어원에서만이 아니라 그 말의 용법에 의해서도 유래된다.

a vituperative attack.
혹평을 퍼붓는 공격.

a wraith-like figure.
유령 같은 모습.

a wordless cry / prayer.
무언의 외침/침묵 기도.

a zippy little car.
아주 빠른 소형차.

but i think pink is the best color for the opener.
하지만 분홍색이 병따개 색으로는 가장 좋다고 생각한다.

but i think spike jones would have a more enterprising choice.
하지만 스파이크 존즈였다면 좀 더 모험을 걸었을 거라 생각합니다.

but i decided that some venture capitalists and businesses have a little more money than kids at brown middle school.
그렇지만 브라운 중학교 학생들보다는 벤처 투자가와 실업가들이 돈이 훨씬 더 많을거라는 판단이 섰습니다.

but i was not able to choose my major and i am bored to death !.
하지만 전공을 내가 선택할 수 없었고 , 지겨워서 죽을 지경이야 !.

but i felt a chill - a chill of despondency.
하지만 난 냉정하게 했다 - 의기소침 하면서도 냉정하게.

but do not be discouraged because there are some things yon can try.
하지만 당신이 시도할 수 있는 몇 가지가 있으니 절망하지 마십시요.

but he did bring the macaroni from paris.
하지만 파리에서 마카로니를 가져온 것은 그였어요.

but is the publishing business depending too much on blockbusters such as harry potter ?.
하지만 출판업계가 해리포터 같은 초대형 베스트셀러에만 지나치게 의존하고 있는 것은 아닐까요 ?.

but is there really any point in recording all this slang ?.
하지만 이런 속어들을 모두 수록할 필요가 정말 있는 겁니까 ?.

but a cat named lilly in england does not enjoy running after a mouse.
하지만 영국의 릴리라고 불리는 한 고양이는 쥐를 뒤쫓는 것을 좋아하지 않아요.

but a new operation is giving hope to people suffering from achromatopsia.
하지만 , 새로운 수술이 색맹으로 고통 받는 사람들에게 희망을 주고 있어요.

but a revolutionary technology enables the study of bees at close quarters.
하지만 혁명적인 기술은 가까운 구역에서의 벌연구를 가능하게 했다.

but , the book world will never be relegated.
그러나 책의 세계는 절대 밀려나지 않을 것이다.

but , well , i am afraid that may be too extreme an approach.
하지만 나는 그것이 너무 극단적인 접근 방식이 아닌가 생각해.

but , for some women the nausea lasts all day and all night.
어떤 임신부들은 하루 종일 입덧을 하기도 하는데요.

but , relative location is much deeper than simple location.
하지만 , 상대적 위치는 평범한 위치보다 훨씬 깊다.

but now it must eliminate some of the mistakes that less paperwork seems to have led to.
그러나 이제는 줄어든 서류업무 때문에 발생한 듯 보이는 다소의 실수를 해결해야 한다.

but in a pure capitalistic system , the government is not expected to interfere with the natural economic forces.
하지만 순수한 시장경제 체제에서 , 정부는 자연스러운 시장의 힘을 방해하지 않는게 좋다.

but in 1985 , unesco declared the area a biosphere.
하지만 1985 년에 유네스코는 그 지역을 생물권이라고 선언했다.

but not all schools are full of ruffian boys and girls , are they ?.
모든 학교가 나쁜 남녀학생들로 가득한 것은 아니야 , 않그래 ?.

but after repeating the experiment three times , they say it's certain that baby hammerhead sharks do not need a father.
하지만 실험이 세 번 반복된 후에 , 그들은 아기 귀상어는 아빠가 필요하지 않다는 것을 확신하게 됐다고 말했어요.

but at the water muse company , we believe it does not have to be.
그렇지만 , 워터뮤즈 사에서는 사무실이 꼭 그래야만 한다고는 생각지 않습니다.

but the day after tomorrow will be sunny , and the highs will be about 82 degrees and the lows 65.
하지만 내일 모레에는 말고 , 최고기온은 82도 , 최저기온은 65도로 예상됩니다.

but the real challenge of becoming bridget is not the accent.
하지만 브리짓을 연기하는 데 있어 진짜 어려웠던 점은 억양문제가 아니었어요.

but the safety is not there yet to help people like ethel shaw.
이스텔 쇼와 같은 사람은 도울수 있을 만큼 안전하지 않다.

but the latest pictures of the star show she's a walking cadaver , totally ravaged by drugs.
그러나 최근 스타의 사진들은 그녀가 마약에 망가진 산 송장같은 모습을 보여주었다.

but the united states government did not want the north vietnamese to win.
하지만 미국정부는 북베트남인들이 이기는 것을 원치 않았다.

but the same thing happens in the elevator.
그런데 엘리베이터를 탈 때에도 똑같은 일이 생겨.

but the improvement is likely to be slow and drawn out.
그러나 개선은 더디고 시간이 오래 걸릴 것 같다.

but the writer , best-known for his novel the unbearable lightness of being , says that is a lie.
참을 수 없는 존재의 가벼움이라는 소설로 유명한 작가는 그것은 거짓이라고 말한다.

but the debate itself left her feeling subdued.
그러나 그 논쟁 자체가 그녀를 우울하게 했다.

but the romance soon starts to wane.
하지만 로맨스는 곧 수그러들기 시작한다.

but the chic can not be ruled by fear.
하지만 그런 것들이 겁난다고 해서 멋을 포기할 수는 없다.

but the yellow dust storms persist.
하지만 그 황사는 계속되고있다.

but the definition of a hallucination is something which is not there , but it's so real that it appears as if it's real.
환영이라는 말은 그 자리에 존재하지 않은 어떤 것을 일컫는 말인데 , 그 상황이 너무 사실적이어서 사실인 것처럼 착각하는 건 아닌가 하는 생각이 들게 만 들죠. 정말입니다.

but the benefits of yoga surpass stress relief.
물론 요가의 효과는 스트레스 해소에 그치지 않는다.

but the exhilaration quickly turns to fear when robert begins stalking lisa.
그러나 , 로버트가 리사를 스토킹하기 시작하자 , 기쁨은 공포로 순식간에 변해버렸다.

but you already have a huge workload.
하지만 이미 산더미 같은 업무량을 갖고 있잖아요.

but this is the prisoner's dilemma.
하지만 이것은 죄수의 딜레마이다.

but this kind of problem did arise during the cold war.
그러나 , 냉전중에 이러한 문제가 발생했다.

but to be an effective manager , you need to praise as well as criticize.
그러나 유능한 관리자가 되기 위해서는 질책뿐만 아니라 칭찬을 할 줄도 알아야 합니다.

but to be chosen by tim is triple the honor.
하지만 팀 버튼 감독이 저를 선택했다는 사실이 몇 배는 더 영광스런 일입니다.

but how can alabado insure her operation is profitable ?.
하지만 알라바도 씨가 사업의 수익성을 어떻게 보장 받을 수 있을까요 ?.

but she would never think of covering them up with cream or makeup.
하지만 그녀는 그 주름들을 크림이나 화장으로 덮으려는 생각조차 하지 않는다.

but she turned into a total slob.
하지만 그녀는 완전히 게으름뱅이가 되었다.

but be careful : lupines have a taproot , which is easily damaged in transplanting.
그러나 루핀의 뿌리는 땅 속으로 곧게 내리기 때문에 옮겨 심을 때 쉽게 손상될 수 있으므로 조심해야 합니다.

but it is a measure of the underlying anger that this time , neither force nor reason has worked to bring the rioting to an end.
하지만 이번 사태는 억눌려있던 분노의 정도를 보여주는 것으로 무력이나 어떤 합리적 설득으로도 이 폭동을 진정시킬 수 없었습니다.

but it leaves a legacy few asian performers will forget. lea salonga was the first to originate the role of kim.
하지만 이 뮤지컬은 아시아계 연기자라면 어느 누구도 잊지 못할 유산을 남겼습니다. 리아 살롱가는 킴의 역을 맡은 첫 배우였습니다.

but most children with fever have viral infections , and they probably do not need antibiotics.
하지만 열이 있는 대부분의 아이들은 바이러스성 감염이 되어있으며 그 아이들은 대개 항생제가 필요치 않다.

but they are catering to , but are they catering to a real consumer need , or just tapping into a lucrative marketing gimmick ?.
그러나 그들이 정말로 소비자의 욕구를 충족시켜 주고 있는 걸까요 , 아니면 이윤을 최대화하려는 상술에 불과한 걸까요 ?.

but they have also wreaked great damage on british society.
하지만 그들은 또한 영국 사회에 큰 손해를 끼쳐왔다.

but they say hope remains of fixing it permanently when nasa returns to the hubble in september 2008.
하지만 그들은 nasa가 2008년 9월 허블 망원경으로 돌아갈 때 이 망원경을 영구히 고칠 수 있을 거라는 희망이 남아있다고 말해요.

but they and arup were hoodwinked as much as anyone.
그러나 그들과 arup사는 다른 이들 만큼 속았었다.

but they also say many farmers do not eat the rice they harvest.
그러나 이들은 동시에 많은 농민들이 자신이 수확한 쌀을 먹지 않는다고 밝혔다.

but there are a few issues you will need to consider when you negotiate with contractors.
그러나 외주업자와 협상을 할 때 고려해야 할 몇 가지 사항들이 있습니다.

but there should be a definitive clampdown on bad language.
하지만 부적절한 언어에 관한 명확한 단속이 있을 것이다.

but there was , as always , a caveat.
하지만 항상 그렇듯이 여기서도 주의사항이 있다.

but there were bigger reasons for optimism.
하지만 낙관주의가 팽배했던 더 큰 이유가 있었습니다.

but their behaviour is anything but cute.
그러나 그들의 행동이 결코 귀여운것은 아니다.

but that , for me now , is the desultory thing.
그러나 지금 나에게 그것은 종잡을 수 없는 것 이다.

but that does not deny that the u.s. south has been steadily narrowing its gap below the historically more affluent north.
그러나 미국 남부가 역사적으로 부유한 북부와의 생활수준 격차를 꾸준히 좁혀가고 있다는 사실을 부인할 수는 없다.

but why would a cow or an ant do such a thing ?.
하지만 무엇 때문에 소나 개미가 그런 일을 하겠니 ?.

but never fear , venus is here.
그러나 절대 두려워하지마 비너스가 여기있어.

but other factors may weigh against it.
그러나 다른 요인들은 서로 상충할 수도 있다.

but more often , he merely spews invective and insult , with no particular point.
그러나 더 자주 , 그는 단지 어떤 특정한 요점도 없이 욕설과 모욕만 내뱉는다.

but some bird breeders are insisting current quarantine rules in britain are sufficient to prevent the h5n1 virus entering the uk pet market.
하지만 일부 조류 사육업자들은 영국의 현행 검역 규정만으로도 h5n1형 바이러스가 영국 애완 조류 시장에 들어오는 것을 충분히 막을 수 있다고 주장합니 다.

but some adoptive parents are making great strides to help their children hold on to their heritage.
그러나 일부 양부모들은 그들의 문화 유산을 고수하도록 그들 자녀를 돕는데 큰 진전을 보이고 있습니다.

but with the departure of the romans , the saxon kingdom began to grow , together with the need for decent roads and travellers' rests.
하지만 , 로마인들이 떠나자 , 색슨 왕국은 알맞은 길과 여행객들의 휴식을 필요로 하며 함께 성장하기 시작했다.

but by cutting out dairy , your calcium intakes could plummet.
그러나 유제품을 줄임으로써 , 당신의 칼슘섭취량은 줄어들게 될 것입니다.

but again , they may be monogamous , and they do not want to have a child.
하지만 다시 그들은 아마 일부일처제일수 있고 그들은 아이를 가지기 원치 않는다.

but for the company's investors the price is seemingly a bitter pill to swallow , while bayer insists it's exactly the remedy it's been looking for.
하지만 바이엘 투자자들 입장에서는 인수 가격이 큰 부담이 되는 것 같습니다만 , 바이엘사는 이번 인수가 여태껏 찾고 있던 바로 그 해결책 이라고 주장하고 있습니다.

but above all , hillcrest is especially known for excelling in sports.
하지만 , 무엇보다도 , hillcrest는 특히 스포츠에 특출한 것으로 알려져 있다.

but many in the music industry are glad copyright is being broadened and want even more.
그러나 많은 음반업계 종사자들은 저작권이 확대되는 추세를 반기면서 심지어 더욱 확대되기를 바라고 있습니다.

but yesterday i was very angry with him.
하지만 어제 나는 그 애에게 아주 화가 났어.

but also , many of them come from myths and literature and legend.
뿐만 아니라 , 그들 중 다수는 신화와 문학 작품 그리고 전설 속에서 나온 인물들입니다.

but scientists say the root of teen tantrums could be buried deep in their brains.
그러나 과학자들은 10대들이 짜증을 내는 근본적인 이유가 그들의 뇌 속에 깊이 내재되어 있을 수 있다고 말합니다.

but scientists say the new insecticides called amidinohydrazones affect the cockroach in many different ways.
그러나 과학자들에 따르면 새로 개발된 어미디노하이드로존'이라는 살충제는 바퀴벌레에 여러 가지로 다르게 작용한다고 합니다.

but president bush said sudan is still far from the ultimate goal of returning home the millions of people displaced by violence.
그러나 부시 대통령은 수단은 폭력으로 집을 떠난 수백만의 국민을 다시 돌아오게 하는 최종목표에 도달하려면 아직 멀었다고 했다.

but governments did not bail out the banks to be nice to them.
그러나 정부는 그들에게 잘 보이기 위해서 은행의 경제난을 도와준 것은 아니야.

but these romantic times of european concord are over.
하지만 조화로운 유럽인의 로맨틱한 시간들은 끝이났다.

but soon they were woken up by heavy rain.
하지만 곧 소나기가 쏟아져 모두 깨고 말았어요.

but child molesters can not control their sexual urges and will succumb eventually.
하지만 어린이 성추행자들은 그들의 성적 욕구를 조절할 수 없어서 결국은 유혹에 넘어가게 되요.

but dealing with bigoted rednecks is only part of the problem.
그러나 편견이 아주 심한 꽉 막힌 사람을 다루는 것은 그 문제의 단지 일부일 뿐이다.

but even these critics admit that what a chimp does , both in the wild and in the lab , at least qualifies as intentional communication.
하지만 이러한 비판가들 조차도 침팬지가 야생에 있든 실험실에 갇혀 있든지간에 의도적으로하는 의사소통자로서의 자격을 갖추고 있다고 동의한다.

but around the mid-19th century , american companies started making catsup made with tomatoes , vinegar , sugar , cinnamon and salt.
하지만 19세기 중반 무렵에 , 미국 회사들은 토마토 , 식초 , 설탕 , 계피 , 그리고 소금으로 만들어진 catsup을 만들기 시작했어요.

but truly improving ourselves or our lot is a superhuman task , so we do what we can instead : we shop.
그러나 올바르게 우리 자신이나 운명을 개선하기에는 초인적 일이므로 그 대신에 우리가 할 수 있는 일을 한다. 우리는 물건을 산다.

but consumers across the region are not hoarding their money.
하지만 지역 소비자들이 돈을 쌓아두고만 있지는 않습니다.

but experts say a calorie at noon is no different from a calorie at night.
하지만 전문가들은 밤중에 섭취하는 칼로리가 한낮에 섭취하는 칼로리와 크게 다르지않다고 말한다.

but computers have two special qualities that very young kids find irresistible : infinite patience and obedience.
그러나 컴퓨터들은 매우 어린 아이들이 거부할 수 없는 두 가지 특별한 특성 , 즉 무한한 인내심과 복종들을 가지고 있다.

but studies show that rodents can be allies of farmers. by stealing seeds , rodents can help plants grow on damaged land.
하지만 설치류가 씨앗들을 훔쳐 와 척박해진 땅에 식물이 자라도록 하기 때문에 농부들에게 유익하다는 연구 결과가 나왔습니다.

but none of them is to do with the macro prudential instrument that we are discussing.
그러나 , 그것들 중 어느 것도 우리가 논의하고 있는 거시 건전성 도구는 아닌 것 같다.

but nowadays they would say another word.
하지만 지금이라면 그들도 다르게 말했을거예요.

but web-sites are purely visual and aural , one screen at a time.
가청화를 이용한 댐 수차 발전기소음의 저감효과 평가.

but watch out -- the car can be brutally honest.
그렇지만 조심하라. 이 차는 잔인하리만치 정직할 수 있다.

but koreans often shake hands with bowing.
하지만 종종 머리를 숙이면서 악수를 한다.

but hurry , these special fares are available for a limited time only !.
단 , 이 특별 요금은 한시적으로 제공되는 요금이므로 , 서두르셔야 합니다 !.

but hitler wanted to have control over more than mere germany.
하지만 히틀러는 단지 독일 보다 더 많은 곳을 지배하고 싶었다.

but dar says both the country and younger people like herself are changing.
하지만 다르 씨는 인도 뿐 아니라 자기와 같은 젊은 사람들도 함께 변하고 있다고 말합니다.

but downpours do not have to ruin a british holiday.
적십자사 관리들은 14일부터 시작된 집중 폭우가 쏟아져 평안남도와 황해북도 그리고 강원도 일부 지방이 초토화됐다고 말했습니다.

but rabinzer says you can not really tell anything about the gop nominee by looking at his father.
그러나 라빈저는 아버지 부시 전 대통령을 보고 현재 공화당 후보인 아들을 판단할 수는 없다고 말합니다.

but wintery weather in february kept shoppers at home.
하지만 2월의 추운 날씨는 쇼핑객들이 집에 있도록 한다.

now i have the best garden in the world ! says bert.
" 이제 내가 세상에서 제일 멋진 정원을 가지고 있다 !" bert가 말해요.

now , the slugger has become the fifth player to extend his contract with the giants.
현재 이 강타자는 자이언트와의 계약을 연장하는 다섯 번째 선수가 되었습니다.

now , for the second go-round , french dirctor louis leterrier of the transporter will helm the hulk film for marvel studios.
현재는 , 2편을 위해서 , " the transporter " 의 프랑스 감독 루이스 레테리에르가 마블 스튜디오를 위해 헐크 필름을 제작할 거예요.

now , says the genie , you have one more wish , rita.
" 이제 ," 램프의 요정이 말해요. " 한 가지 소원이 남았습니다 , rita. ".

now , if you think setting down the shaker will make a difference , think again.
자 , 만일 여러분이 소금통 내려놓는 것을 중요하게 생각한다면 , 다시 생각해 보라.

now , bad weather in the basra region and the failure to knock out the scuds had prolonged the aerial campaign.
현재 바스라 지역의 나쁜 일기와 스커드 미사일 요격 실패로 공중 작전이 연장되었다.

now , just in time for barbecue season , the department of health and human services has added heterocyclic amines - the compounds formed in red meat , poultry and fish during the grilling - to its list of carcinogens.
그리고 이제 , 바비큐 시즌을 코 앞에 둔 지금 , 미 보건후생부는 육류나 가금류 , 어류 등을 석쇠에 구울 때 발생하는 화학물질인 헤테로사이클릭아민을 발암 물질 리스트에 추가했다.

now , wilbur is pointing at the seesaw.
이제 wilbur는 시소를 가리키고 있어요.

now , jurors must decide if the 42-year-old muhammad will be put to death or spend the rest of his life in prison.
이제 배심원들은 42세의 무하마드에게 사형과 종신형 중 어느 형을 내릴지 결정해야 합니다.

now the world has a dozen or more telescopes in the eight-to 10-meter range.
지금 세계에는 12개 혹은 그 이상의 폭 8~10meo에 이르는 망원경이 있다.

now the political struggle is over and we turn again to the unending struggle for the common good of all americans and for those multitudes around the world who look to us for leadership in the cause of freedom.
이제 정치 싸움은 끝났습니다. 우리는 다시 제자리로 돌아가 모든 미국민들의 공익을 위해 , 그리고 전 세계에서 자유를 위해 우리의 지휘를.

now the political struggle is over and we turn again to the unending struggle for the common good of all americans and for those multitudes around the world who look to us for leadership in the cause of freedom.
기다리는 많은 사람들을 위해 끝없는 투쟁을 해야 합니다.

now the new stamps will not actually have any monetary value stamped on them but they will be worth the 39 cents.
새우표에는 실제로 가격이 표시돼 있지는 않을 것이지만 39센트의 가치를 갖게 됩니다.

now the monetary unit of france is the euro.
현재 프랑스의 화폐단위는 유로화이다.

now the sweltering heat will take over.
이제부터 본격적인 무더위가 시작될 것이다.

now you have got me wanting to make one ! this recipe is from the whitmans chocolate cookbook.
자 , 당신은 내가 만들고 싶게 하네요. 이 레시피는 휘트먼의 초콜릿 요리책에서 가져온 것이에요.

now you can remove even the toughest stains with the new steam master-the only compact , handheld vacuum cleaner with the professional deep-cleaning power of steam.
이제 새로워진 스팀 마스터로 잘 빠지지 않는 얼룩까지도 말끔하게 뺄 수 있습니다. 스팀 마스터는 핸드헬드 사이즈의 소형 진공 청소기로 증기를 사용하.

now you can remove even the toughest stains with the new steam master-the only compact , handheld vacuum cleaner with the professional deep-cleaning power of steam.
여 속때까지 깨끗하게 뺄 수 있는 유일한 제품입니다.

now it is happening again , in sudan , and it shames me that we can be so complacent.
수단에서 그와 같은 일이 다시 일어 났다니 , 우리의 안일함에 한심한 생각이 들었다.

now they have discovered frescoes which have been hidden for centuries.
현재 그들은 그곳에서 수세기 동안 숨겨져 있던 프레스코 벽화도 찾아냈습니다.

now that i have got passable grades in english , i have got to work on my math.
영어 성적도 어지간히 올랐으니 이제 수학 공부를 해야겠다.

now across northern xinjiang over a thousand eagle nests and stands have been erected , and authorities released 200 foxes bred in captivity to chomp through the rats.
현재 북부 신장 전역으로 천 마리 이상의 매 둥지와 대가 세워졌으며 , 당국은 쥐를 먹도록 감금되어 키워진 200마리의 여우를 방출했습니다.

now natural uranium exists in a form which is excreted through urine readily.
이제 천연 우라늄은 소변을 통해 쉽게 배출될 수 있는 형태로 존재한다.

now these people must build , rebuild their new home and prosperity of future , new future.
지금 그 사람들은 새집을 짓고 미래의 번영 , 새로운 미래를 다시 건설해야합니다.

now wait , you are saying your owners were drinking , and smoking marijuana before they wrecked.
가만 있어봐라 , 네 주인들이 사고 직전에 술을 마시면서 마리화나를 피우고 있었다는 얘기니 ?.

in a small town near chicago.
시카고 근처 작은 도시에서요.

in a small bowl , combine bread and milk.
작은 그릇에 , 우유와 빵을 섞어라.

in a small bowl , combine lemon peel and 2 tablespoons artificial sweetener.
작은 볼에 레몬 껍질과 인공 감미료 두 큰술을 넣고 섞으세요.

in a meeting of animal space scientists , the chimpanzee proudly announced , " we sent a rocket to the moon. ".
동물 우주 과학자들의 회의에서 한 침팬지가 " 우리는 달에 로케트를 보냈다. " 고 자랑스럽게 발표했다.

in a recent poll 55% of the respondents said they considered tanning to be a dangerous habit.
최근의 한 여론조사를 보면 , 55퍼센트의 사람들은 선탠을 하는 것이 위험한 습관이라고 생각하는 것으로 나타났다.

in a recent washington address , president bush acknowledged the talks are in trouble , and asked all nations to make concessions.
최근 워싱턴에서 행한 한 연설에서 부쉬 대통령은 도하 무역협상이 난관에 봉착해 있음을 인정하고 모든 국가들에게 양보할 것을 요구했습니다.

in a speech to police officers , he said : " any factors that could jeopardize our stability must be annihilated. ".
경찰관과의 대화에서 그는 , " 우리의 안정을 위태롭게 하는 모든 요소는 말살되어야만 한다. " 고 말했다.

in a written statement , the company reiterated its earlier claim that the accident was not caused by defective parts.
서면으로 된 성명서를 통해 그 회사는 부품 결함으로 인해 사고가 일어난 것이 아니라는 이전의 주장을 되풀이했다.

in a desire to mortify their flesh , some pierce their faces or tongues.
자신의 육체를 극복하기 위해서 어떤 사람들은 얼굴이나 혀를 뚫는다.

in a restaurant , the smell of smoke may have a bad effect on the taste of other diners' food.
음식점에서 , 담배 냄새는 다른 식사하는 사람들의 음식 맛에 나쁜 영향을 미칠 수 도 있습니다.

in a surprise move , anthony norton , previously an executive at pantech , was appointed to the board of lunar software.
팬텍의 중역이었던 앤서니 노튼 씨가 루나 소프트웨어의 이사로 전격적으로 지명됐다.

in a press release , the dumont corporation said that while it plans to remodel many of the stores , they will have the same business hours , basic services and policies to which people's food market shoppers have become accustomed.
듀몬트는 보도 자료를 통해 점포의 상당수를 개조하는 동안에도 피플스푸드마켓 고객들에게 익숙해오던 영업 시간과 기본 서비스 및 방침은 이전과 변함이 없을 것이라고 밝혔습니다.

in a similar ruling in the us , a federal court in georgia ruled criminalizing the use of anonymous messages on the internet as being unconstitutional.
이와 유사한 미국 사례로는 조지아주 연방법원이 인터넷에서 익명으로 메시지를 쓰는 것을 금하는 것이 위헌이라는 판결을 내린 바 있다.

in a bowl , lightly mix the potatoes , peas , salad dressing , and parsley.
큰 그릇에 감자 , 콩 , 샐러드 드레싱 , 파슬리를 넣고 가볍게 섞는다.

in a nationally televised address , president roh warns japan to stop insulting the sovereignty and pride of koreans.
노무현 대통령은 일본이 한국의 영유권 주장발언을 중단할것을 촉구했습니다.

in a terror case , the hostage is always a prime suspect.
테러 사건에서 인질은 언제나 제1의 용의자이죠.

in a recession , there are often mass layoffs of factory workers.
경기 침체기에는 , 공장 노동자들을 대규모로 일시 해고하는 일이 자주 있다.

in a communal setting , it's important to consider other people's needs.
단체 생활에서는 타인에 대한 배려가 중요하다.

in a televised speech to the nation thursday , mr. jaafari said the shi'ite bloc should decide who it wants to be prime minister.
목요일에 자파리 총리는 전국 텔레비전 방송을 통해 총리 지명자 결정은 시아파 연맹에 달려 있다고 말했습니다.

in a televised address , nasrallah said hezbollah fighters are responding to israeli military raids that have killed more than 100 people in lebanon.
나스랄라는 16일 텔레비전 연설을 통해 헤즈볼라 전투원들은 레바논에서 100여명의 사망자를 낸 이스라엘 군사 공격에 대응할 것이라고 말 했습니다.

in a societal perspective , the doenjang girl syndrome is the outcome of globalization.
사회적인 시각에서 된장녀 신드롬은 세계화의 결과물이다.

in a southward direction.
남쪽 방향으로.

in a microsecond , burke's head and life are both gone.
마이크로초에서 버크의 머리와 인생 모두 사라졌어요.

in a unicast system , the data is replicated entirely to each recipient.
유니캐스트 시스템에서는 데이터가 각 수신인에게 복제된다.

in the morning , many people are out playing sports such as badminton , jump rope , and yoga.
아침에는 많은 사람들이 나와서 배드민턴 , 줄넘기 , 요가 같은 운동을 해.

in the book , the joy luck club , written by amy tan , this is portrayed in mother-daughter relationships.
amy tan에 의하여 써진 the joy luck club에서는 엄마와 딸의 관계에 대하여 묘사하였다.

in the usa , laws are written by congress and by state legislatures.
미국에서는 국회와 주의회에서 법을 만든다.

in the house decorated with a tile-roof , you can watch the original tv commercials for bravo cone and samyang ramen and see household goods like a gold star radio.
기와 지붕으로 꾸며진 집에서 여러분은 브라보 콘이나 삼양 라면의 초기 cf를 볼 수 있으며 금성 라디오 같은 가정용품도 볼 수 있다.

in the hope of making science fun , he recently published a new book for children about the cosmos.
과학을 재미있게 만들기를 기대하며 , 그는 최근 우주에 관한 새로운 책을 아이들을 위해 출판했습니다.

in the movie he stars as frodo baggins , the pointy-eared , hairy-footed hobbit destined to save middle earth.
이 영화에서 그는 뾰족한 귀에 털북숭이 발을 가지고 중간계를 구하는 운명을 타고난 호빗 , 프로도 배긴스로 나온다.

in the movie , actor robert redford plays as a veteran cia officer and brad pitt as his protege.
그 영화에서 로버트 레드포드는 베테랑 cia 요원 역을 , 브래드 피트는 그의 부하 역을 연기한다.

in the afternoon , they are divided and sent to fun and exciting activities like quad biking , horseback riding , water sports and football at chelsea stadium !.
그들은 오후에 나누어져 4인용-자전거 타기 , 승마 , 수상 스포츠 , 첼시 경기장에서 하는 축구 경기 등 재미있고 흥미로운 활동을 하도록 보내 진다.

in the course of the battles , he was promoted to the rank of general in recognition of his valor.
전투 과정에서 그는 용맹을 인정받아 장군으로 진급했다.

in the end , the communitarian objection to e-voting seems more aesthetic than substantive.
자유민주주의와 공산주의자들 사이에는 정치분야와 철학분야에서의 격렬한 논쟁이 있다.

in the end , we thought this was pretty good , louisa says.
" 결국 우리는 이 책이 정말 좋다고 생각하게 되었지요. " 루이자는 말한다.

in the end , milton's monetary theory was proven unfeasible.
마침내 milton 의 통화이론은 불가능한것으로 밝혀졌다.

in the years since , aircraft have become bigger , safer , and quieter--but not appreciably faster.
그 후 몇 년이 지나면서 항공기는 대형화되었고 , 안전해졌으며 소음도 줄었지만 , 속도는 눈에 띌 만큼 향상되진 못했습니다.

in the developed world , pruess-ustun says chemical exposures and the occupational stresses that come from modern life are behind cancer and cardiovascular disease.
반대로 선진국에서는 화학성분에 대한 노출과 현대생활에서 오는 직업상의 스트레스가 암과 심장병의 원인이 된다고 , 프루이스-우스툰 씨는 말했습니다.

in the grand bazaar , shopkeepers are too busy to importune you.
grand 바자회에서는 판매자들이 너무 바빠서 당신을 성가시게할 여유가 없다.

in the " principia " he addressed his magnificent finds in physics and astronomy.
" 프린키피아 " 에서 그는 물리학과 천문학에서의 그의 경이로운 발견에 대해서 다루었다.

in the past , the phone was only for talking.
과거에 전화는 통화용으로만 쓰여졌다.

in the past , the root of this plant was thought to possess magical powers which could cure impotence.
과거에 이 식물의 뿌리는 성적 무능력을 고칠 수 있는 마술적인 힘을 가지고 있다고 여겨졌다.

in the past , the mass media had frequently misled the people with distorted reports.
과거에는 언론이 왜곡된 보도로 국민을 오도하는 일이 비일비재했다.

in the past , training exercises included_ role-playing and market simulation.
과거에 연수는 역할 연기와 시장 시뮬레이션이 포함되었다.

in the past , colonial peoples who asked for autonomy were usually told that they were not ready to govern themselves.
과거에 자치를 요구했던 식민지 사람들은 그들이 자치에 대한 준비가 되어 있지 않다는 말을 늘 들었다.

in the past 10 years , preventive measures have reduced levels of tooth decay in children.
지난 10년간 예방 조치들이 행해지면서 어린이들의 충치 수준이 줄어들었다.

in the past few months , my habits have changed greatly.
지난 몇 달 사이에 내 습관이 많이 변했다.

in the first section , alexandra munroe , director of the japan society gallery , and curator jon hendricks introduced ono's conceptual works of the early 1960s.
첫번째 섹션에서 일본 사회 화랑의 감독인 알렉산드라 문로와 큐레이터 존 헨드릭스는 오노가 1960대 초반에 만든 개념적 예술 작품들에 대해 소개했다.

in the story , the miraculous tree grew up again in an hour after it was cut down.
이야기 중에서 그 기적의 나무는 베어진 지 1시간 후에 다시 자랐다.

in the latest poll , mr. grady is trailing the incumbent by 14 points.
최근 여론 조사에서 그래디 씨는 재임자를 14포인트 차로 뒤쫓고 있다.

in the us , there is one movie screen for every 9 , 000 people.
미국에는 인구 9천명 당 영화 상영관이 하나씩 있다.

in the film he plays a lecherous soldier.
그 영화에서 그는 욕정적인 군인 역을 한다.

in the successful hollywood blockbuster series , henney will star as agent zero of the mutant x program , a mutant who can control electricity and has specialized tracking abilities.
성공적인 헐리우드 대작 시리즈에서 , 헤니는 돌연변이 x 프로그램의 전기를 통제할 수 있고 전문화된 추적 능력을 가진 에이전트 제로로 출 연할 것입니다.

in the case of the state versus ford.
국가 대 포드의 소송 사건.

in the future we will be diversifying away from dollar bonds.
앞으로는 달러표시 채권에서 벗어나 투자를 다변화하겠다.

in the magazine , hillary clinton explains her life as first lady and how she supposedly has been slandered.
잡지에서 힐러리 클린턴은 영부인으로서의 생활과 어떻게 그녀가 비방당했는지에 대해서 설명한다.

in the united states , the plains is the area between the rocky mountains and the 98th meridian.
미국에서 대초원은 록키 산맥과 제 98경선 사이의 지역을 말한다.

in the united states today , where there is a look away from incumbents to new faces untainted , unsoiled , unhinged , unbought , i think the chances are that many will want to look to women as providing a way to revive government.
현직 공직자들로부터 타락하지 않고 , 깨끗하고 , 신념이 있으며 , 매수되지 않는 참신한 새 인물에게로 눈길을 돌리고 있는 오늘날의 미국 국 민 대다수는 , 여성이 정부를 회생시킬 방법을 제공할 것으로 기대하게 될 가능성이 크다고 생각합니다.

in the autumn of 1924 , heisenberg went to the university of copenhagen to study under niels bohr , the danish physicist famous for his work on the atom and who had been at the forefront of developments in quantum theory.
1924년 가을 , 하이젠베르크는 원자에 대한 연구로 유명한 덴마크 물리학자이자 양자 이론의 발전의 선두에 있었던 닐스 보어 아래에서 연구하기 위해 코펜 하겐 대학에 갔습니다.

in the exam , we had to write one descriptive essay and one discussion essay.
시험에서 우리는 서술형 에쎄이 하나와 토론형 에세이 하나를 써야 했다.

in the final of the women's world match play championship , south korea's lee seon-hwa outplayed ai miyazato , beating the budding japanese star.
여자월드 매치플레이 챔피언십 결승에서 , 한국의 이선화가 미야자토 아이를 이기면서 일본 신예스타를 무찔렀어요.

in the music room , you can view the lps of legendry singers like lee mi-ja and na hun-ah , and listen to their music.
음악방에 여러분은 이미자나 나훈아 같은 전설적인 가수들의 엘피판을 보고 그들의 음악을 감상할 수 있다.

in the 1960s my mother (srn , hv etc) did a course in social work at ruskin college.
imt2000 3gpp - 핸드오버와 srns relocation의 명시.

in the classified ads section of the newspaper , there are advertisements about job openings.
신문의 광고란에 다음과 같은 구직광고가 났습니다.

in the constitution article nine , japanese people will forever renounce war.
일본 헌법 제 9조에 일본인들은 전쟁을 포기한다고 되어있다.

in the transformation of a tadpole into a frog , metamorphosis happens gradually.
올챙이가 개구리로 변화하는 데에서 , 변형은 점진적으로 일어난다.

in the animal kingdom , males often give showy displays to attract females.
동물 왕국에서 , 수컷들은 종종 암컷을 유혹하기 위해 화려한 외양을 보입니다.

in the worst case scenario , however , experts warn that hwang's team may have to repeat all the processes of extracting the stem cell lines after cloning somatic cells from the patients all over again.
그러나 최악의 시나리오는 황 박사팀이 환자의 체세포를 복제하여 줄기세포를 추출하는 전 과정을 다시 해야만 하는 것이라고 전문가들은 경고합니다.

in the sentence my best friend , lisa , likes him , my best friend and lisa are said to be in apposition.
" my best friend , lisa , likes him. " 이라는 문장에서 " my best friend " 와 " lisa " 는 동격이다.

in the lagoon the water was calm.
석호 속의 물은 잔잔했다.

in the latter case , they do it from a southern , middle-class , car-owning viewpoint.
후자의 경우 그들은 자가용을 소유한 남부 중산층의 관점에서 그것을 했다.

in the democrats' weekly radio address , representative bart stupak of michigan accused republicans of ignoring alleged price gauging by oil companies.
미시간 주 출신의 바트 스투파크 하원의원은 민주당 주례방송에서 석유회사들이 조작하는 것으로 알려진 기름값을 공화당이 모른체하고 있다고 비난했습 니다.

in the barcelona games britain came third in the medal table with 40 gold medals.
바르셀로나 올림픽에서 영국은 금메달 40개로 3위를 차지했다.

in the vein of darker , more cautionary fairy tales from the likes of charles perrault and the brothers grimm , it featured multiple deaths , including the title character accidentally killing the talking cricket , which later served as the model for jiminy cricket in the disney movie.
샤를 페로와 그림형제의 이야기 유형에서 나온 더 어둡고 더욱 훈계하는(경계하는) 이야기들의 분위기로 , 이것은 주연 인물이 우연히 죽는 " the talking cricket " 을 비롯해 많은 죽음을 그려내고 있었습니다 , 그리고 the talking cricket은 나중에 디즈니 영화의 jiminy cricket의 모델이 되었습니다.

in the 14th century europe , the bubonic plague had been a raging epidemic.
14세기 유럽에는 흑사병이 창궐했다.

in the sweltering heat of the desert sun , the strangest things start to happen.
사막 태양의 무더운 열기에서 가장 이상한 것들이 발생하기 시작한다.

in the requiem , linda remarks , " he was so wonderful with his hands ".
이 장송곡에서 린다는 " 그 작곡가는 작품을 만드는 손길이 참 멋졌어요. " 라 지적했다.

in what area did scott jewell earn his degree ?.
스콧 주얼 씨는 어떤 분야의 학위를 받았는가 ?.

in what turned out to be a masterstroke of lobbying , du pont took the lead in organizing the alliance for responsible cfc policy in 1980.
듀퐁은 1980년 책임있는 cfc(염화불화탄소 , 프레온가스)정책을 위한 동맹'의 발족을 선도했는데 , 그것은 로비의 걸작으로 판명되었다.

in this way , the electric and magnetic fields oscillate and propagate through space.
이런 방법으로 전자장과 자기장은 진동하며 공간을 통해 전달됩니다.

in this case , it occurs by the acceleration of the body's normal aging process.
이런 경우에 , 그것은 신체의 정상적인 노화과정이 더 빨리 진행됨으로써 발생한다.

in this global age , we need to reorganize the industrial structure to keep it modern.
세계화 시대에 맞추어 산업 구조의 재편이 필요하다.

in this era of globalization , it is unquestionable that the english language is indispensable.
국제화 시대에 영어의 필요성은 거론할 필요가 없다.

in this election , the ruling party was soundly beaten by the opposition.
여당은 이번 선거에서 야당에 완패했다.

in this profession , women outnumber men by two to one.
이 직종에서는 여자가 남자보다 2 대 1로 수가 더 많다.

in summer , she wears a halter and shorts.
여름에 그녀는 팔과 등이 드러나는 옷과 반바지를 입는다.

in late august of that year a sudden windstorm burned more than 3 million acres of the idaho panhandle and western montana in just two days.
그 해 8월 말 , 갑작스런 강풍이 아이다호주 돌출지역와 서부 몬타나주의 3백만 에이커를 단지 이틀 만에 태웠다.

in it , bin laden appears to all but claim responsibility for the september 11th attacks on the united states.
비디오를 통해 빈 라덴은 9월 11일 테러 습격에 대한 책임이 거의 미국에 있다는 듯한 주장을 펼쳤습니다.

in most cases , heart problems cause pulmonary edema.
대부분의 경우 심장질환은 폐부종을 야기합니다.

in most regions where the disease is an important problem , investigators found a decrease in the number of new infections.
질병이 중요한 문제가 되고 있는 대부분의 지역에서 새로운 감염자수는 점차 감소하고 있는 것으로 조사자들은 밝혀냈습니다.

in my private opinion , both parties are to blame for this countrys economic woes.
내 개인적 견해로는 이 나라의 경제 침체에 대해서는 양당이 모두 비난 받아야 한다고 생각한다.

in my view , the proposed warehouse site is unsuitable because it lacks convenient access to road or rail transportation.
나는 거론된 창고 부지가 도로나 철도 이용이 용이하지 않기 때문에부적합하다고 생각한다.

in my opinion , your dissertation needs a lot of corrections.
내 생각에 네 논문은 많은 수정이 필요하다.

in all cases , a " flame tamer " should be used to prevent scorching.
모든 경우에 있어 , '불을 다루는 사람'들은 그을리는 것에 익숙해야 한다.

in all honesty , i really do not know.
솔직히 털어놓자면 , 난 정말 몰라.

in all respects , the conference was successful.
모든 점에서 , 컨퍼런스는 성공적이었다.

in their eyes , spanking (a tap to the posterior) is child abuse.
그들의 눈에 , (엉덩이를) 때리는것은 아동학대다.

in our office , we separate the trash before throwing it away.
우리 사무실에서는 쓰레기를 버리기 전에 분리합니다.

in our culture , adolescence lasts almost 10 years.
우리 사회에서 청소년기는 거의 10년 동안 계속된다.

in our view , it was excessive and unacceptable.
우리가 보기에는 그것은 지나쳤고 받아들일 수가 없었다.

in room two-twenty-nine , down the hall on the left.
22번 방에요 , 홀을 내려가셔서 왼쪽입니다.

in that country , many civil wars are arising out of tribal conflicts.
그 나라에서는 종족 간 갈등으로 많은 내전이 일어나고 있다.

in that event , we will have to reconsider our offer.
그럴 경우에는 우리가 우리의 제의를 재고해 보아야 할 것이다.

in that tribe , the bride's family prepares the dowry.
그 부족은 결혼할 때 신부 쪽에서 지참금을 준비한다.

in other words , everyone has to deal with adversity.
다른 말로 , 모든 사람들은 역경에 대처해야 한다.

in other words , ants will use their bodies to plug up holes in the trail that leads back to their anthill.
다른 말로 하자면 , 개미들은 개미집으로 돌아가는 길에 난 구멍을 막기 위해서 자신을 몸을 사용할 거예요.

in other sports , such as weightlifting , very few joint events pay equal prize money.
역도와 같은 다른 스포츠에서 , 매우 드문 혼합 경기가 똑 같은 상금을 지급합니다.

in her autobiography , she describes the song' s genesis late one night in a dublin bar.
자서전에서 그녀는 어느 늦은 밤 더블린의 한 술집에서 그 노래가 만들어진 기원을 묘사한다.

in any case , eyewitness accounts almost never cohere on all the details.
어느 경우든 목격자들의 진술은 세부적인 측면에서 일치하는 경우가 거의 없다.

in an effort to win back bargain-minded shoppers , jeans maker blue danube unveiled a discount clothing line yesterday , to be sold by martland stores beginning next year.
저렴한 물건을 찾는 고객들의 발길을 되돌리기 위한 노력의 일환으로 , 청바지 메이커인 블루 다뉴브사는 어제 , 내년부터 마트랜드에서 판매될 할인 의류들 을 공개했다.

in an experiment , the sheep were known to discriminate between images of other sheep's faces.
실험에 의하면 양들은 다른 양들의 얼굴을 구별해내는 것으로 알려져 있다.

in some people who have type 1 diabetes , a pancreas transplant may be an option.
첫번째 종류의 당뇨병을 가진 사람들을 위해 췌장 이식이 하나의 선택이 될 것이다.

in some cases , people who are allergic to eggs are also allergic to chicken.
어떤 경우에 계란에 알레르기가 있는 사람들은 닭고기에도 알레르기 반응을 보인다.

in some cases , an untreated diabetic coma can be fatal.
어떤 경우에는 , 치료를 받지 않은 당뇨병 혼수상태는 죽음을 초래할 수 있다.

in some cases , however , varicose veins can cause aching or burning discomfort especially after periods of prolonged standing.
하지만 어떤 경우에 , 정맥류는 긴 시간 서 있은 후에 특히 통증이나 타는 듯한 불편함을 가져올 수 있습니다.

in some areas the populations are back to pre-myxomatosis levels.
몇몇지역에서 개체수들이 전점액종증 단계로 돌아가고 있다.

in some societies , wealth is inherited through the maternal side of a family.
어떤 사회에서는 재산이 외가 쪽을 통해서 상속된다.

in britain , the queen opens each new session of parliament in november.
영국에서는 여왕이 매년 11월에 새로운 회기의 의회를 개원한다.

in many cases , however , even the drug test for worker compensation claims are waived.
하지만 많은 경우 , 근로자 보상 청구를 위한 약물테스트조차도 실시되지 않는다.

in many cases patronage is not limited to financial support.
많은 경우에 있어서 , 메세나는 경제적 후원에 국한되지 않는다.

in small bowl , use a wire whisk to mix mayonnaise and milk until smooth.
작은 그릇에다가 , 마요네즈와 우유를 넣고 철사 거품기로 부드러워질 때까지 잘 젓는다.

in small bowl , mix apple pieces , sugar and cinnamon.
작은 사발에 , 사과 조각들과 설탕 그리고 계피를 섞어라.

in may , there is a tournament in tahiti , which is an island in the pacific ocean.
5월에 태평양의 한 섬인 타히티에서 경기가 열린다.

in full disclosure , i am not a harry potter fan.
완전 공개하자면 , 난 해리포터 팬이 아니야.

in one incident , a wrestler named kurt angle threw his opponent shane mcmahon against a wall , but the wall failed to shatter as planned.
한 시합에서 , 커트 앵글이란 이름을 가진 레슬러가 벽에 대고 그의 적수인 쉐인 맥마흔을 던졌다. 하지만 그 벽은 계획한 대로 산산조각이 나.

in one incident , a wrestler named kurt angle threw his opponent shane mcmahon against a wall , but the wall failed to shatter as planned.
지 않았다.

in one snowflake , there are millions of atoms !.
눈송이 하나에도 , 수 백만 개의 원자가 있지 !.

in korea , there are many public bath houses.
한국에는 공중 목욕탕이 많이 있어요.

in only five years rose had the second highest slugging percentage in the league (387).
불과 5년만에 로즈는 리그내에서 장타율 2위를 차지했다.

in china , the herb is considered a pick-me-up.
중국에서 , 약초는 피로회복제로 여겨진다.

in china , what we lack mostly is a checking system.
중국에서 주로 부족한 점이라면 그 시스템을 얼마나 잘 통제하느냐 하는 것이다.

in china , processed jellyfish are desalted by soaking in water overnight and eaten cooked or raw.
중국에서는 가공된 해파리를 하룻밤 물에 담가 탈염한 후 조리해서 먹거나 날 것으로 먹는다.

in china , biogas for rural home lighting and cooking - produced in small plants - is widespread , while the philippines has solar community battery charging stations.
중국에선 시골 집의 불을 밝히거나 조리용으로 , 조그만 식물들에서 생산되는 생물 가스를 널리 이용하고 있습니다. 그리고 필리핀의 부락들에는 태양열 전.

in china , biogas for rural home lighting and cooking - produced in small plants - is widespread , while the philippines has solar community battery charging stations.
지 충전소들이 있습니다.

in european countries with a longstanding smacking ban , there has been an increase in the early detection of children at risk , and a decrease in the proportion of parents who are subsequently prosecuted.
학대 금지를 오랫동안 지속해온 유럽의 나라에서는 위험에 처한 아이들의 초기 예방이 늘어나고 있고 , 더 이상 고소당한 부모의 비율은 감소 하고 있습니다.

in najaf today , mr. maliki discussed security issues in a meeting with top shi'ite cleric , grand ayatollah alial-sistani , in najaf.
말리키 씨는 오늘 나자프에서 시아파 최고 성직자인 그랜드 아야톨라 알리 알 시스타니를 만나 보안 문제를 논의했습니다.

in his first voyage to lilliput , gulliver is shipwrecked.
걸리버가 릴리펏으로 첫번째 항해를 떠나는 동안 , 걸리버의 배는 난파되었다.

in his usual provident manner , he had insured himself against this type of loss.
그는 늘 미래에 대비하는 신중한 태도로 이런 종류의 손해로부터 자신을 지켰다.

in his heyday , he was the best lawyer in town.
전성기때는 그는 도시에서 최고의 변호사였다.

in italy , the peaches cheap at twice the price than other europe countries.
이탈리아에서는 유럽의 여러 나라보다 복숭아 가격이 절반 정도 더 싸다.

in recent years , the hubble space telescope has given us some of the most fantastic images of space that we have ever had.
최근에 , 허블우주망원경은 사상 가장 환상적인 우주 이미지 몇 가지를 우리에게 보내주었습니다.

in recent years , colombia has not received much money from its exports.
최근 colombia는 수출로 많은 돈을 벌지 못했다.

in fact i could use an actual hug right now.
사실 나는 진정한 포옹이 지금 간절하다.

in fact , the two are completely unconnected.
사실 , 그 두명은 전혀 모르는 사이야.

in fact , many of the discussions we have that are civil involve using argumentation.
사실 , 우리가 하는 많은 토론은 논쟁을 이용하는 정중한 (예의 바른) 것이다.

in fact , denmark is more impoverished than kentucky.
사실상 , 덴마크는 미국의 켄터키 주보다 가난한 것으로 나타났습니다.

in fact , nazism was overrepresented among groups to which its economic program most actively appealed.
사실 나치즘은 나치당의 경제 정책이 가장 크게 호소력을 미쳤던 집단의 사람들 사이에서 지나치게 부각되어 표현되었다.

in these developing countries , demand for korean farm appliances continues to expand.
이들 개발 도상 국가들에서는 한국제 농기구의 수요가 계속 늘어나고 있다.

in these heady days of rapprochement on the korean peninsula , symbolic gestures mean a lot.
한반도에서 남북화해의 분위기가 한껏 고조된 때에 상징적 제스처만으로도 의미가 크다.

in such ways , custom can be lost.
이러한 방법으로 , 관세는 줄여질수있다.

in place of praise , we heard scoldings.
우리는 칭찬은커녕 꾸지람을 들었다.

in front of my father's coffin , i made a vow of vengeance.
아버지의 관 앞에서 나는 복수의 맹세를 했다.

in short , you occupy several different positions in the complex structure of society.
요컨대 , 복잡한 사회 구조에서 몇가지 다른 지위를 차지하고 있다.

in france , high unemployment and last autumn's riots by ethnic immigrant youths have sharpened anti-immigration sentiments.
프랑스의 경우 , 높은 실업률과 지난 해 가을에 벌어졌던 소수 인종 이민 청년들의 소요 사태가 반 이민 정서를 심화시켰습니다.

in march , for instance , scientists unveiled the remains of what seems to be the largest meat-eating dino ever to shake the ground.
예를 들어 , 3월에 과학자들은 일찍이 지축을 흔들며 다녔던 가장 큰 육식 공룡으로 보이는 화석을 공개했다.

in spite of my behavior , said i am your savior.
나의 행실이 나빴음에도 그대는 날 구원자라고 말했죠.

in spite of their 10-year age difference , they succeeded in tying the knot.
그들은 10살의 나이 차를 극복하고 결혼에 골인했다.

in 2003 , poledouris scored his last film , the legend of butch and sundance , another western score , an upbeat and infectious work which displayed his usual flair and beauty of composition.
2003년 , 폴레두리스는 그의 마지막 영화음악- 또 다른 서부 영화 음악인 the legend of butch and sundance를 만들었고 , 이 음악은 그의 작곡의 세련됨과 아름다움을 보여주는 즐겁고 전염성 있는 작품이었습니다.

in return , we would allow a commission of 11 percent calculated on gross profits.
위탁 판매를 하시게 되면 총수익의 11%를 수수료로 드립니다.

in baseball , the wildcats were beaten by the bears at the stadium last night and dropped three behind the red sox ; and the kings fell in the afternoon at chicago that's six straight defeats for the kings.
야구소식입니다.와일드캣츠가 어젯밤 시합에서 베어스에 패해 레드 삭스에 3경기 뒤졌습니다.킹스도 이날 오후 시카고 전에서 패해 6연패를.

in baseball , the wildcats were beaten by the bears at the stadium last night and dropped three behind the red sox ; and the kings fell in the afternoon at chicago that's six straight defeats for the kings.
당했습니다.

in spring the day gains on the night.
봄이 되면 해가 길어진다.

in which month were revenues highest ?.
수익이 가장 높았던 달은 언제인가 ?.

in combination , these changes relate to an enormous shift in the planet's climatological change.
또한 이러한 변화는 복합적으로 지구의 기후 변화와 관련이 있다고 합니다.

in combination with those reasons , reiss says an ambitious bureaucracy can stoke the flames of nuclear ambition.
야심적인 관료주의가 핵보유 욕망에 불을지필 수도 있다고 라이스 씨는 지적합니다. ?.

in 2008 seoul will even hold the first world design olympiad.
2008년 서울은 첫 세계 디자인 올림피아드도 열 예정입니다.

in september , average hourly wages were $13.83.
9월에 평균시급이 13.83 달러 였다.

in addition , i want a large coke.
추가로 콜라 큰 거 하나 주세요.

in addition , the government will study ways to expand educational opportunities for biracial children by guaranteeing affirmative action when it comes to college admissions.
게다가 정부측에서는 혼혈아동들이 대학입학시 받는 차별에 대한 시정을 보장함으로써 교육의 기회 제공을 확대하는 방법들을 연구할 것입니다.

in addition , the supply vehicles are parked too close to the rear exit.
게다가 비품 수송 차량들이 뒤쪽 출구에 너무 가까이 주차되어 있다고 합니다.

in addition , it shows the unconditional love parents have for their children.
덧붙여 , 이것은 부모가 자식들에 대한 무조건적인 사랑을 보여준다.

in addition , ida was quite strong.
또한 아이다는 매우 힘이 셌다.

in addition to concerts by the chicago symphony , the festival also presents other classical offerings plus some calypso and other forms of 'popular' music.
이 축제에서는 시카고 심포니의 콘서트 연주 외에도 , 약간의 재즈와 그외 다른 종류의 '팝' 뮤직을 비롯 , 다른 고전음악들도 선사합니다.

in forests , carbon dioxide is fixed for a long time.
숲에서 , 이산화탄소는 오랫동안 고정되어 있다.

in biblical times , a scribe was a teacher of the religious law.
성서 시대에 문인은 종교법을 가르치는 교사였다.

in november the temperatures drop and the days shorten.
11월에는 기온이 내려가고 날은 짧아진다.

in programming , the ability to use the same operator to perform different operations.
프로그래밍에서 동일한 연산자를 사용하여 다른 작업을 수행하는 기능입니다.

in 1997 , he became the music director of the asia philharmonic orchestra , and in 2001 , he became the special artistic advisor to the tokyo philharmonic orchestra.
1997년 , 그는 아시아 필하모닉 오케스트라에서 음악 감독이 되었고 , 2001년에 그는 도쿄 필하모닉 오케스트라의 특별 예술 고문이 되었습니 다.

in writing about it , was it cathartic ?.
그것에 관해 쓰시면서 속이 후련해지셨나요 ?.

in reality , it is not possible for a single processor to run multiple processes simultaneously.
실제로 단일 프로세서가 다중 프로세스들을 동시에 구동하는 것은 불가능하다.

in advanced cirrhosis , the liver no longer works.
후기의 간경변은 더이상 간이 제기능을 못 한다.

in contrast , 11-alive represents about 2 percent of the company's volume in the us.
이와 대조적으로 일레븐 얼라이브는 로코보틀링그룹의 미국 내 판매량의 약 2퍼센트를 차지하고 있다.

in contrast to earlier approaches , the new technique does not require the use of water as a coolant.
이전의 방식과는 달리 신기술을 이용하면 물을 냉각제로 사용할 필요가 없다.

in 1899 , he was able to send a message over 31 miles , across the english channel.
1899년에는 영국 해협을 가로질러 31마일 밖까지 메시지를 전송할 수 있었다.

in greek mythology , poseidon was the god of the sea.
그리스신화에서 포세이돈은 바다의 신이었다.

in russia , communist government has the reverse midas touch as everything it touches turns to dross.
러시아에서 공산정부는 거꾸로 된 마이더스의 손을 가지고 있어서 모든 것을 건드리기만 하면 쓰레기가 된다.

in july 1955 , the white house announced plans to launch an earth-orbiting satellite.
1955년 7월 , 백악관은 지구 궤도를 도는 위성을 발사하겠다고 발표했다.

in sweden , descartes was forced to rise at 5 a.m. in cold weather for to converse with the queen.
스웨덴에서 데카르트는 여왕과 담화를 나누기 위해 추운 날씨에도 새벽 5시에 일어나야 했다.

in australia , a new cemetery has been given permission to bury people in an upright position.
호주에서는 새로 조성되는 한 공동묘지가 시체를 수직으로 매장할 수 있는 허가를 얻었습니다.

in europe , from 2008 british singer cliff richard will start to lose copyright and royalties to his biggest hits.
유럽의 경우 , 2008년부터 영국 가수 클리프 리처드는 자신의 히트곡들에 대한 저작권을 상실하게 되고 로열티 수입도 없어집니다.

in 14 years as an umpire in the major leagues , kobel had never seen two baseball teams fight like this.
메이저 리그에서 14년간 심판으로 있으면서 코벨은 두 야구팀이 이렇게 싸우는 것은 본 적이 없었다.

in beijing , we were told on repeated occasions not to visit taiwan.
베이징에서 우리는 여러 경로를 통해 대만을 방문하지 않을 것이라고 들었다.

in 1967 , there were 19.5 million boreal chickadee in america , but now there are only 5.2 million.
블루버드와 굴뚝새가 둥지를 틀고 , 알을 낳고 , 새끼에게 먹이를 주는 모습을 보시고 , 쇠박새나 황금방울새 , 홍관조 , 벌새 , 그 밖의 여러 새들을 식별하는 법 을 배워 보세요.

in terms of genetics , it is known that a baldness is dominant to men and recessive to women.
유전적으로 대머리는 남성에게는 우성 , 여성에게는 열성으로 알려져 있다.

in roman myth , mercury was the messenger of the gods.
로마 신화에서 머큐리는 신들의 사자였다.

in ancient times people trained it for sport and war.
고대에는 , 사람들이 그것을 스포츠 또는 전쟁을 위해 훈련시켰다.

in ancient rome , rome was the heart of the empire.
고대 로마에서는 , 로마는 황제의 심장과 같았다.

in order to be elected , a candidate needs only a plurality of the votes cast.
선출이 되려면 후보가 투표된 표들 중 최다 득표수만 얻으면 된다.

in order to become a civil engineer in belgium , one must graduate from a five-year engineering program from a university or the royal military academy.
벨기에에서 토목기사가 되기 위해서는 , 대학 또는 왕립군사학교의 5년제 토목공학 과정을 이수해야 한다.

in order to intake vitamin b1 , eat plenty of beans , barleycorn and red-beans.
비타민 b1을 섭취하기 위해서는 , 콩 , 보리 , 그리고 팥을 많이 먹으라.

in 1990 , britney had chance to audition for disney's new mickey mouse club.
1990년 브리트니는 디즈니 채널에서 새롭게 시작하는 미키마우스 클럽에 캐스팅되기 위해 오디션을 봤다.

in 1990 , gary boeing took office as mayor of springfield.
1990년에 게리 보잉 씨는 스프링필드의 시장으로 취임하였습니다.

in haiti , the market for mud cakes is booming.
아이티에서는 진흙 케익 시장이 번성하고 있다.

in 1998 rioters in indonesia successfully protested against the despotic system of government that existed under the suharto regime.
1988년 인도네시아의 폭도들은 수하르토 정권 아래 있던 독재적인 정부에 성공적으로 저항하였습니다.

in hanoi , vietnam's old world grace meets new world vitality.
하노이에는 베트남의 구시대풍 멋이 신세계의 활력과 어우러져 있습니다.

in 2005 , southern baptist groups ended an eight-year boycott of the walt disney corporation for violating moral righteousness and traditional family values.
2005년 남쪽의 침례교 단체들은 도덕적 정의와 전통적인 가족의 가치를 위반한 것으로 인해 월트디즈니사에 8년간 방문 거부했던 것을 종결지었다.

in 2005 , southern baptist groups ended an eight-year boycott of the walt disney corporation for violating moral righteousness and traditional family values.
2005년 남쪽의 침례교 단체들은 도덕적 정의와 전통적인 가족의 가치를 위반한 것으로 인해 월트디즈니사에 8년간 방문 거부했던 것을 종결 지었다.

in 2005 , commercial child pornography on the internet was a $20 billion business , with troubling implications for children around the world vulnerable to abuse.
2005년 상업적 목적의 인터넷 어린이 포르노 사업규모는 2백억 달러에 이르렀으며 , 이는 전세계 어린이들이 이 같은 성적학대를 받기쉬운 상황에 처해있다는 사실을 보여주는 것으로 매우 우려되는 사안입니다.

in 1989 , mr. mcmurry turned vim vigor , inc. into mcmurry publishing , inc. , which he ran with just four employees.
1989년 맥머리 씨는 빔 비고 사를 맥머리 출판사로 탈바꿈시켰는데 , 겨우 4명의 사원들로 이 회사를 경영했다.

in 2001 , 816 colonies in 350 apiaries in england were found to be infected with efb.
2001년 영국에 있는 350개의 양봉장에 816 개의 벌집군락에서 efb(유럽부저병/european foul brood)에 감염된것이 밝혀 졌다.

in tokyo , japanese foreign minister taro aso urged south korean leaders to consider a recent diplomatic offer it made to resolve the issue.
아소 타로 일본 외상은 도쿄에서 한국 정부 지도자들에게 일본 정부가 문제 해결을 위해 최근 제시한 외교적 제안을 검토할 것을 촉구했습니 다.

in particular , asian nations do need to be accorded more voting power than they now have.
특히 아시아 국가들에게는 지금보다 더 많은 투표권을 줄 필요가 있다는 것이다.

in 1999 , an american patient received born marrow from a baboon.
1999년 , 한 미국 환자는 개코원숭이로부터 뼈 골수를 받았다.

in defense industries , sudden layoffs are common because of shifts in policy and budgets.
군수 업체들에서는 정책과 예산 변경으로 인한 갑작스러운 해고가 흔합니다.

in today's transient world , a internet domain name is more permanent than a telephone number or a mailing address.
오늘날처럼 변하기 쉬운 세상에서 인터넷 도메인 이름은 전화번호나 우편주소보다 더 영속적이다.

in 1979 , large chunks of the skylab space station fell to earth near a tiny outback town in australia's west.
1979년 , 스카이랩 우주 정류장의 커다란 덩어리가 호주 서쪽의 작은 오지 마을 근처로 떨어졌습니다.

in 2006 , he was voted mvp (most valuable player) at the asian games in qatar , where he won seven medals.
2006년에는 그가 7개의 메달을 획득했던 도하 아시안 게임에서 mvp로 선정되었습니다.

in 1986 mexico worldcup , it was petulant maradona's goal that argentine eliminated the england team.
1986년 멕시코 월드컵에서 신경질적인 마라도나가 넣은 골이 영국팀을 탈락시켰다.

in conclusion , i should like to say a word.
마지막으로 한 말씀 드리겠습니다.

in conclusion , the arraignment process of the criminal justice system is very complicated.
결론은 , 형사 사법의 죄상인부 절차는 매우 복잡하다는 것이다.

in romania , authorities blocked off a village and sprayed disinfectants to control an outbreak there.
루마니아 (보건) 당국은 (조류독감 발생) 마을을 격리 차단하고 질병을 통제하기 위해 살균제를 살포했습니다.

in tonight's quiz , our contestants have come from all over the country to fight for the title 'superbrain'.
오늘 퀴즈대회에 참가하신 분들은 '최고의 두뇌'라는 칭호를 얻기 위해 전국에서 오셨습니다.

in swimming class this week we are learning to do the australian crawl.
이번주에 우리는 수영반에서 오스트레일리아 크롤을 배울 것이다.

in 1994 , the democratic party lost control of the house of representatives.
1994년 민주당은 하원을 장악하지 못했다.

in anticipation of tighter customer budgets , we have begun to offer incentives , such as coupons and frequent buyer discounts.
고객들의 씀씀이가 더 줄어들 것으로 예상해 우리는 쿠폰 , 단골 고객 할인과 같은 인센티브를 제공하기 시작했다.

in accordance with your instructions , we have voided your order.
지시하신 대로 귀하의 주문을 취소시켰습니다.

in 1613 , dutch settlers took the land and called it new amsterdam.
1613년에 네덜란드 이주민들이 그 땅을 차지했고 그곳을 뉴 암스테르담이라고 불렀다.

in 1897 , an irishman called bram stoker wrote the first story about dracula.
1897년에 브람 스토커라는 아일랜드 사람이 드라큘라에 관한 이야기를 처음으로 썼답니다.

in bombay , two men wanted for the wave of bombings there evaded the police after a suburban area shoot-out , the police said.
봄베이에서 일련의 폭탄 테러 혐의로 수배중인 두 남자는 교외에서 총격전을 벌인 후 경찰을 따돌리고 도주했다고 경찰당국이 말했다.

in gridiron gang , the charismatic actor plays a juvenile detention camp counselor who inspires delinquent kids by coaching them in football.
gridiron gang에서 카리스마가 있는 배우는 비행청소년들을 축구를 가르침으로써 분발시키는 소년원 캠프 상담가로 연기했다.

in experiments with cats , the neurons were shown to respond when itch-inducing combustibles were applied to the skin.
고양이를 대상으로 실험한 결과 이 신경 세포는 가려움을 유발하는 가연성 물질을 피부에 댔을 때 반응하는 것으로 나타났다.

in cooler weather , turtleneck sweaters and sports jackets are popular.
더 시원한 날씨에는 터틀넥 스웨터와 스포츠 자켓이 인기이다.

in warmer areas the sandal was , and still is , the most popular form of footwear.
따뜻한 지역에서는 샌들이 가장 인기 있는 신발의 형태였고 지금도 여전히 그러하다.

in actuality , our costs are higher than we thought.
사실상 , 우리 비용이 생각했던 것 보다 더 많이 들어 간다.

in imperial china , emperors needed the mandate of heaven to legitimize their rule.
중국 황실에서 황제는 자신들의 통치를 정당화하기 위해서 하늘의 천명을 필요로 했다.

in hinduism , cows are sacred animals.
힌두교에서 소는 신성한 동물이다.

in nineteen eighty-six , president ronald reagan honored itzhak perlman with a medal of liberty.
1986년 , 로날드 레이건 대통령은 자유의 메달로 이쯔학 펄만을 칭송했습니다.

in maryland lawmakers introducing a bill to spend $23 million a year on research using embryos left over at fertility clinics.
메릴랜드 주의회 의원들은 인공수정 클리닉에서 폐기된 배아를 이용한 연구에 연간 2천 300만 달러를 지출하는 법안을 상정했습니다.

in panama , the president was forced to announce that he could not close the canal to vessels with european flags.
파나마 대통령은 유럽 국적기를 단 선박에 대해서 자국은 파나마 운하를 폐쇄할 수 없다는 발표를 어쩔 수 없이 하게 되었다.

in borderline cases teachers will take the final decision , based on the student's previous work.
이도저도 아닌 경우들에는 교사가 학생의 이전 학업에 기반을 두고 최종 결정을 내린다.

in 1934 , she began teaching summer workshops at bennington college in vermont , where she also created one of her most important works , letter to the world , an interpretation of emily dickinson's poetry.
1934년 , 그녀는 버몬트의 베닝턴 칼리지에서 여름 워크숍을 가르치기 시작했고 , 거기서 그녀의 가장 중요한 작업 중 하나인 에밀리 디킨슨의 시를 해석한 " 세상으로의 편지 " 를 만들었습니다.

in belgium and holland , for example , the ketchup is not as sweet as it is in the united states.
예를 들어 , 벨기에에서는 본래 미국의 케찹과 같이 달지가 않다.

in belgium ," civil " engineer can have a specialty other than civil engineering.
벨기에에서 토목기사는 토목공학과는 다른 특수성을 지닌다.

in summary , the uk is faced with a huge generation gap.
요컨대 , 영국은 엄청난 세대차이의 문제에 직면하고 있다.

in zhuangzi village , wang says people died even when the barefoot doctors were there and so he asks , " why should anyone expect change ?".
주앙지 마을에서 왕 씨는 맨발의 의사들이 있을 때도 사람들이 제대로 치료를 받지 못하고 죽었다면서 , 사람들이 변화를 기대할 이유가 무엇이겠느냐고 반 문했습니다.

in ottawa , canada , there were incidents of people smashing up public facilities or breaking into private homes.
캐나다 오타와에서는 공공시설들을 부수거나 정집을 침범해 들어는 사건들이 있었다.

in insa-dong street , you can find many curio shops.
인사동 거리에서 많은 골동품 상점을 발견할 수 있습니다.

in 1875 , charles darwin proposed that gemmules are an important factor of inheritance.
1875년에 , 챨스 다윈은 싹이 유전의 중요한 요소라고 제안했다.

in kiev , mr. yushchenko condemned the crimean vote , saying that the foreign troops had been invited by his government.
유쉬첸코 대통령은 외국군은 우크라이나 정부의 초청을 받았다며 의회의 결의안을 비판했습니다.

in low-context cultures , communicators expect to give and receive a great deal of information , since they believe that most message information is obtained in words.
하위 컨텍스트 문화에서 의사소통 당사자들은 많은 양의 정보를 주고 받는 것으로 기대되는데 , 왜냐하면 대부분의 메시지 정보가 언어로 얻어진다고 믿기 때문이다.

in 1842 , he took the position of the liberal cologne newspaper rheinische , but that quickly was suppressed by the government.
1842년 , 그는 쾰른의 자유주의적 신문인 rheinische에 자리를 잡았으나 곧 정부로부터 억압을 받게 됩니다.

in schweitzer's study , extracts of the t. rex bone reacted with antibodies to chicken collagen.
슈베이처 씨의 연구에서 , 티라노사우르스 렉스의 뼈 추출물은 닭의 콜라겐(교원질)의 항체와 반응을 일으켰답니다.

in jocular mood at the farewell lunch kim jong-il said " they say as far as drinking goes , i am a better drinker than president kim.
유쾌한 분위기에서 이뤄진 마지막 오찬에서 김정일은 " 사람들은 술에 관한 한 내가 김대통령보다 세다고 한다. " 고 말했다.

in federalism , uniformity is a strength and advantage.
연방주의에서 균일성은 장점이자 이점이다.

in 1946 , salvador dali and walt disney planned a cartoon together.
1946년에 살바도르 달리와 월트 디즈니는 함께 만화 영화를 계획했어요.

in 1853 , levi went to california looking for gold.
1853년에 리바이는 금을 찾기 위해 캘리포니아로 갔다.

in deutschemark note form , the euro circulates widely in eastern europe.
유럽 시장에서 달러는 스위스 프랑화에 대해 전날 1.79프랑에서 1.75프랑으로 하락했으며 , 독일 마르크화에 대해서도 어제 2.33마르크에서 하락한 2.31마.

in deutschemark note form , the euro circulates widely in eastern europe.
르크로 마감됐습니다.

in 1783 , the american colonies threw off the yoke of england.
아메리카 식민지는 1783년에 영국의 질곡을 벗어났다.

in 1346 , the tartar army used catapults to hurl plague-ridden corpses over the walls of the city of kaffa , a port on the black sea , forcing the inhabitants to surrender.
1346년에 타타르 군인들은 비행기 사출기를 사용해 세균에 오염된 시체들을 카파시 성벽과 , 흑해 항구 위에 뿌려 , 주민들을 항복하게 만들었어요.

in asiam our team is proud to be a part of 130 , 000 lucent peaple worldwide who are taking business communications to new heights.
아시암에서의 우리 팀은 새로운 정점을 향한 사업교류를 하고 있는 130 , 000명의 세계적인 루센트 인의 일부인것이 자랑스럽다.

in lapidary style.
정교한 스타일로.

in 1917 , he became the minister of munition.
1917년 , 그는 군수장관이 되었어요.

in montreal. but i moved from there when i was three and do not remember a thing about it.
몬트리올이요. 하지만 세 살 때 떠나서 그곳에 대해서는 기억이 전혀 없어요.

not a single day passes quietly.
영일이 없다.

not a ripple disturbed the glassy surface of the water.
잔잔한 수면에는 잔물결 하나 없었다.

not every man can be a poet.
모두가 다 시인이 될 수 있는 것은 아니다.

not all works in the exhibition are comical.
모든 작품들이 웃긴 것은 아니다.

not all animals have a backbone.
모든 동물들에게 등뼈가 있는 것은 아니다.

not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired. (titus maccius plautus).
지혜는 연륜이 아닌 능력으로 얻어진다. (플라우투스 , 지혜명언).

not enough time and energy is put into civics education.
윤리 교육에 충분한 시간과 노력을 기울이지 않고 있다.

not only was jesus christ married , but he was a father.
예수님은 결혼한 적이 없지만 아버지이다.

not only did mae co-write the material in " destiny ," she also sings on some of the tracks for the first time.
" destiny " 를 공동으로 작곡했을 뿐만 아니라 그녀는 생전 처음으로 음반에 실린 몇 곡을 노래하기도 했습니다.

not everyone visiting a dating site is looking for a life partner , of course.
물론 , 데이트 사이트를 찾는 사람이라고 모두 인생의 반려자를 찾는 것만은 아니다.

not surprisingly , john did not do awfully well at school.
놀랄 것 없이 존은 학교성적이 그다지 좋지는 않았다.

not too long ago tanning was fashionable and even promoted by doctors as a healthful activity.
얼마 전만 해도 햇빛에 피부 태우기가 유행이었으며 심지어 , 건강활동으로 의사들이 권장했다.

driving with excess alcohol in the blood is a serious offence.
혈중 알코올 양이 초과된 상태에서 운전을 하는 것은 중범죄이다.

after he quit school , he got a job as a mechanics at an auto repair shop.
학교를 자퇴하면서 자동차 수리점 에서 수리공으로 일했다.

after he escaped , he studied the bible.
탈주 후에 그는 성경을 공부했다.

after a week , mr. decker recovered his spirit.
1주일 후 decker씨는 기력을 회복하셨다.

after a little , the pizza was ready.
잠시 후 피자가 다 됐다.

after a little gentle persuasion , he agreed to come.
부드럽게 조금 설득하자 그는 오겠다고 했다.

after a short brawl , raymond ends up being stabbed by one on the arabs.
짧은 싸움후에 , 아랍인중 하나가 레이먼드를 찔러버렸다.

after a while , the rich sauce begins to cloy.
좀 있으면 그 기름진 소스가 물리기 시작한다.

after a semester at the university of vermont , he threw himself into acting full-time.
버몬트 대학에 한 학기를 다닌 뒤에는 전적으로 연기에 뛰어들었다.

after a desperate duel the bigger fighter knuckled under.
절박한 결투 끝에 덩치가 더 큰 투사가 항복하였다.

after a $400 deductible has been applied the plan will pay 50% of all expenses incurred from non-emergency oral surgery up to $1 , 500.
400달러의 공제금이 적용된 후 , 그 계획은 1 , 500달러가 드는 긴급하지 않는 구강수술로 초래된 비용의 50%를 부담할 겁니다.

after the party tommy will clean the living room and then do his homework.
파티를 마친 후에 tommy는 거실을 청소하고 그리고 나서 숙제를 할 것이다.

after the meeting , the room was full of cigar fumes.
회의가 끝난 후 , 그 방은 담배 연기가 자욱했다.

after the war , a few soldiers hung ten in jungle.
전쟁이 끝난 후 소수의 군인들이 정글에서 살아남았다.

after the crushing defeat in the election , the ruling party seems grief-stricken.
선거 참패로 여당은 초상집 분위기다.

after the wedding , the couple will leave immediately for the bahamas.
결혼식 후에 , 그 커플은 즉시 바하마로 떠날 것이다.

after the ceremony , the bride lifted up her veil to kiss her husband.
예식이 끝난 다음 , 신부는 남편에게 입맞춤하기 위해 면사포를 들어 올렸다.

after the persians conquered egypt , egyptian art was influenced by different cultures such as persian , greek , roman and islamic.
페르시아인들이 이집트를 정복한 후 , 이집트의 예술은 페르시아 , 그리스 , 로마 그리고 이슬람 같은 여러 다른 문화들의 영향을 받았다.

after the disagreement with his boss , he slammed the door.
상사와 언쟁을 벌인 후 그는 문을 쾅 닫았다.

after the nip and tuck , she looked quite different.
성형수술 후에 그녀는 완전히 다른 사람이되었다.

after the poorly executed games , the fans invariably felt that inept coaches as well as overpaid players should be fired.
어리석게 치러진 게임이 끝나고 팬들은 모두 무능한 코치와 돈을 너무 많이 받는 선수들은 잘라야 한다고 느꼈다.

after the monsoon , the storm barreled in.
계절풍 후 폭풍우가 엄습했다.

after the scuffle , he was covered with bruises.
그 남자는 싸우고 난 뒤 온몸에 시퍼런 멍투성이였다.

after you finish reading it , teach me how to use telepathy !.
다 읽고 나면 , 나에게 텔레파시 쓰는 법을 가르쳐줘.

after this ruling , the asian handball federation which also opposed the replay pressed the korean handball association to pay a fine.
이 판결 이후에 , 또한 재경기에 반대했던 아시아핸드볼연맹은 한국핸드볼협회에 벌금을 내도록 강요했습니다.

after morning exercises , a burly sergeant instructs the youths on mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
아침 운동을 마치고 나서 , 건장한 하사관이 대원들에게 구강대 구강 소생법을 가르친다.

after she wore the willow , she has pined away.
그녀는 실연한 뒤에 초췌해졌다.

after they entered into matrimony , they settled in pusan.
그들이 결혼한 뒤 부산에 정착했다.

after my wife died , my life has become meaningless.
나는 아내가 세상을 떠난 후 세상살이가 싫어졌다.

after my mother's hospitalization , the household atmosphere has dimmed.
어머니가 병원에 입원하신 후 집안 분위기가 어두워졌다.

after all , the greek roots of 'dinosaur' mean 'terrible lizard.'.
무엇보다도 '다이너소어'라는 그리스어 어원이 '공포의 도마뱀'을 의미하고 있는 것만 봐도 그렇다.

after all they administer drugs every day.
결국에 그들은 매일 약을 투여했다.

after thinking up the word , i added donutto the first word sugar.
그 단어를 생각해 낸 이후로 전 " 도넛 " 이란 말을 첫 단어인 " 슈가 " 에 덧붙였어요.

after that , she worked as a cook , maid and care-taker for children of rich families.
그 후로 , 그녀는 요리사 , 하녀 그리고 부잣집 아이들을 돌보는 일을 했어요.

after being embroiled in acrid debates over six years , they found new material evidence.
6년간의 격렬한 논란에 휩싸인 뒤에 그들은 새롭고도 중요한 증거를 발견했다.

after looking after the children all day , i am really at the end of my tether.
하루 종일 아이들을 돌보고 나니 정말 손끝 하나 움직일 수가 없다.

after her baby was born , she sold her motorbike and settled into domesticity.
아기가 태어난 다음 그녀는 오토바이를 팔고 가정 생활에 마음을 붙였다.

after her business failed , she was harassed by debts.
사업 실패 후 그녀는 부채에 시달렸다.

after her shoot , ms. o'brien pointed out certain framed prints on the wall of the photography studio.
촬영 후 , 오브라이언 씨는 스튜디오 벽에 걸린 액자에 담긴 사진 몇 개를 가리켰다.

after working as the understudy for two years and seeing only a limited movie future in britain , i headed to america.
그곳에서 임시 대역 배우로 2년간 일하면서 영화배우로서 미래가 영국에서는 제한적일 수 밖에 없다는 사실을 깨달은 저는 결국 미국으로 향하게 됐죠.

after learning the rudiments of flying a chopper from the internet , he has flown briefly on six occasions.
헬리콥터 비행의 기본을 인터넷에서 배운 후 그는 6번 짧게 비행을 하였습니다.

after world war i , nessler moved to america and opened a hair salon to give perms.
제1차 세계대전 이후 , 네슬러는 미국으로 건너가 파마를 해 주는 미용실을 열었다.

after losing this decisive battle , the general was forced to concede.
이 결정적인 전투에서 지게 되자 장군은 패배를 인정할 수밖에 없었다.

after three months of delay , the riverfront revival project was finished on june 19.
강변 지역 되살리기 프로젝트는 3개월 지연된 6월 19일에 완료되었다.

after many years , i have just revisited florence.
수 년의 시간이 지난 후인 얼마전 나는 피렌체를 다시 방문했다.

after two hours of hard work he could hardly recognize his room.
열심히 일한 두 시간 후에 그의 방은 거의 알아보지 못했다.

after two minutes in this water , my feet feel numb.
이 물 속에 2분 있었더니 발이 얼얼하니 감각이 없어지는데.

after two glasses of wine , i was feeling mellow.
와인을 두 잔 마신 후라서 나는 느긋한 기분이었다.

after two cancellations owing to poor weather conditions , discovery blasted off from cape canaveral , florida under mostly-sunny skies for a 12- day mission.
나쁜 기상조건때문에 두차례나 발사가 연기된 디스커버리호는 훌로리다주 케이프 캐나베랄 기지에서 발사돼 12일간의 비행일정에 들어갔습니다.

after taking a bath , your fingers and toes wrinkle.
목욕을 하고 나면 , 여러분의 손가락과 발가락이 쭈글쭈글해져요.

after one game , they sweated like a bull.
한 게임이 끝난 후 , 그들은 땀을 몹시 흘렸다.

after years of low occupancy rates , the hotel chain refurbished rooms , raised prices by 50 percent , and targeted corporate clients.
낮은 이용률로 수년간 고심하던 끝에 이 호텔 체인은 객실들을 새로 단장하고 요금을 50퍼센트 인상하고 기업의 고객을 목표로 삼았다.

after only a few months , they used this cell to clone an identical beagle !.
몇 달 후에 , 그들은 이 세포를 정확히 똑 같은 비글을 복제하는데 사용했습니다.

after killing the innocent civilian , the assassins started picking his bone bare.
무고한 시민을 죽인 후 살인자들은 그의 뼈에서 살을 발라내기 시작했다.

after his store was burned , the shopkeeper was in the tub.
상점이 불탄 뒤 상점 주인은 파산했다.

after several years of legal proceedings judgment has at last been given in favor of the plaintiff.
수년간의 소송 끝에 마침내 원고측에 유리한 판결이 내려졌다.

after heavy rain , the river was in spate.
폭우가 내린 후 그 강이 범람한 상태였다.

after everyone else shrugged off the responsibility , i was left holding the bag.
모두가 그 일을 맡으려 하지 않아서 내가 떠맡게 되었다.

after five years in the job , he was beginning to feel restless.
그 직장에서 5년을 보낸 후 그는 그대로 있기가 힘들어지기 시작했다.

after successfully defending his right to share in the profits of his invention , howe won his lawsuit against singer in 1854.
그의 발명에 대한 이익을 나눌 권리를 성공적으로 지킨 후에 , 하우는 1854년 싱어에 대한 소송에서 이겼습니다.

after winning the washington caucus , he declared , george bush's days are numbered -- and change is coming to america.
워싱턴 당원회의에서 승리한 후 그는 " 조지 부시의 날은 얼마 남지 않았다. 미국에 변화도래할 것이다 " 라고 선언했다.

after winning the election he held out the olive branch to the other candidates.
선거에 이기자 그는 다른 후보들에게 화의를 제의했다.

after playing football , i feel creaky today.
축구를 하고 났더니 오늘 온 몸이 뻐근한데.

after consuming wild ginseng , my father was completely cured.
산삼을 드신 후 아버지의 병이 씻은 듯이 다 나았다.

after putting my soup in the microwave , it has warmed up.
스프를 전자레인지에 넣었더니 따뜻하게 데워졌다.

after finishing the pizza , nino recommends his customers head over to the midtown restaurant called serendipity that sells a 1 , 000 -dollar ice cream sundae called golden opulencewhich is covered in 23k edible gold leaf !.
피자를 다 먹고 나서 , 니노 씨는 그의 고객들에게 먹을 수 있는 23k 금 잎으로 덮인 " 풍부한 금 " 이라는 이름의 1 , 000 달러짜리 아이스크림을 파는 미드타운의 세렌디피티라는 레스토랑으로 향할 것을 권한다 !.

after finishing it , i will start on the lawn.
이것을 끝낸 후에 잔디밭에 손대겠다.

after finishing exercise , i was very thirsty.
운동을 끝낸뒤에 나는 너무 목이 말랐다.

after completing his assignment he began work on a new project.
그는 맡은 일을 다 끝내고 나서 새 프로젝트에 착수했다.

after desperate fighting we dislodged the enemy from his position.
아군은 분전하여 적의 진지를 탈취했다.

after receiving his degree in art history at the university of montana , he returned here to work as the artist-in-residence at lawrenceville community college.
몬타나 주립 대학에서 미술사 학위를 받은 그는 이곳으로 돌아와 로렌스빌 전문 대학에서 예술 활동을 시작했습니다.

after arriving at the orbital space station , yi conducted various experiments and communicated with people on the ground.
우주 궤도 정거장에 도착한 후 , 이씨는 다양한 실험들을 수행했고 지구의 사람들과 통신을 했습니다.

after undergoing rehabilitation for his drinking problem , he was released from the clinic.
그는 음주 문제에 대한 갱생 교육을 받은 후 클리닉에서 퇴원했다.

after retiring from the field in 1984 , cruyff became coach of ajax and later barcelona.
1984년 현역에서 은퇴한 후 , 크라위프는 아약스와 바르셀로나의 감독이 되었다.

after squeaking through high school , the kid from the south bronx took his c average to ccny , city college of new york.
고등학교를 가까스로 마친 후에 사우스 브롱크스 출신의 이 학생은 평균 c학점의 성적으로 뉴욕시립대학교에 입학하게 되었습니다.

after weathering that storm , many banks rebuilt their capital reserves , only to spend it on the housing boom of the 1980's.
이 고비를 넘긴 뒤 대다수 은행들은 자본 보유고를 회복하고 1980년대의 건축 붐에 투자했었다.

patients can become conditioned to particular forms of treatment.
환자들은 특정한 형태의 치료에 반응을 보이도록 훈련시킬 수 있다.

patients can trust their doctors to not divulge what is spoken about in the consultation room without their permission.
환자들은 의사들이 진찰실에서 나눈 이야기에 대해서 그들의 허락이 없이는 밝히지 않는다는 점을 믿을 수 있다.

patients should be in bright-colored hospitals.
환자들은 밝은 색이 칠해진 병원에 있어야 한다.

patients should always choose a qualified , trained doctor who is board certified in dermatology or a similar specialty to perform the treatment.
환자들은 항상 피부과 전문의 혹은 치료를 시행하기 위해 비슷한 전공을 한 자격 있고 훈련된 의사를 선택해야 합니다.

usually , in times of crisis , rfk resorted to mordant humor to relieve the tension.
주로 , rfk(robert f. kennedy)는 위기상황에 처할 때 면 긴장을 풀기 위해 신랄한 유머를 잘 쓴다.

usually , starfish have 5 arms.
보통 불가사리의 팔은 5개입니다.

go see nancy brody in payroll.
급여계의 낸시 브로디한테 가 보세요.

go for it.
한번해봐.

at a recent congressional hearing , federal reserve chairman alan greenspan and deputy treasury secretary lawrence summers were subtly encouraging.
최근 국회의 청문회에서 알란 그린스팬 연방 준비제도 이사회 의장과 로렌스 서머스 미 재무부 차관은 교묘히 부추겼다.

at a new product unveiling an np representative also said that the addition is expected to increase corporate's earnings levels beyond the record highs it is currently enjoying.
새로운 상품을 소개하는 자리에서 np의 대변인은 이 새로운 상품이 회사의 총수입을 현재 기록적인 단계를 능가하는 수준까지 증가시킬 것 으로 예상된다고 언급 하였습니다.

at a jury of matrons there is given a verdict whether the defendant is pregnant or not.
수태심사배심에서는 피고인이 임신했는지 안 했는지 평결한다.

at a senate judiciary committee hearing , matthew friedrich , chief of staff for the criminal division at the justice department , contended his agency's justice.
연방 법무부의 매튜 프리드릭 범죄국장은 청문회에서 법무부의 정당성을 주장했습니다.

at a regional summit in nepal , india's external affairs minister shook hands warmly with pakistan's foreign minister.
네팔에서 열린 지역정상회담에서 , 인도 외무장관은 파키스탄의 외무장관과 정답게 악수를 나눴습니다.

at a stopover in anchorage , he visited a korean factory and talked up the positive results of his meetings with american corporations.
그는 앵커리지 기착시 한 한국 공장을 방문하여 미국 기업체와의 회담에서 얻은 긍정적 결과에 관해서 이야기했다.

at a bridal shower , guests shower the bride with gifts.
신부 파티에서 , 손님들은 신부에게 선물로 샤워를 시킨다.

at the word every drop of his blood was chilled.
그 말에 그는 몸서리쳤다.

at the very end of the game , he made a superb slam dunk.
그는 경기 막판에 호쾌한 덩크슛을 성공시켰다.

at the time of christ , millions of years after man first appeared on the earth , there were 250 million people.
최초의 인간이 지상에 모습을 드러낸 지 수백 만년 후인 그리스도 당시에는 2억 5천만 명의 사람이 있었다.

at the start of the ceremony , sherpa representatives , who described hillary as a second father , placed buddhist mourning scarves over the coffin draped in a new zealand flag and bearing the ice axe he used during the 1953 expedition.
식이 시작될 때 , 힐러리를 제 2의 아버지라고 묘사란 세르파 대표들은 뉴질랜드 국기로 덮여있고 1953년 탐험 때 사용됐던 얼음 도끼가 들어 있는 관 위에 불교 장례용 스카프를 올려 놓았습니다.

at the end of each day , drivers enter their mileage into adatabase that notifies the fleet manager whenever a vehicle is up for scheduled maintenance.
운전 기사들은 매일 퇴근할 때 주행 마일 수를 데이터베이스에 입력하는데 , 이 자료를 통해 차량 총괄 담당 직원은 차의 정기 점검 시기를 알 수 있다.

at the top of the red sea there are two narrow inlets , giving this body of water a kind of forked appearance on the north ; the triangular piece of land between the two inlets is the sinai peninsula.
홍해 상류에 두 개의 좁다란 입구가 있는데 이것들은 물의 모양을 북쪽을 향한 분기 모양으로 만든다. 이 두개의 입구 사이에 있는 삼각형태.

at the top of the red sea there are two narrow inlets , giving this body of water a kind of forked appearance on the north ; the triangular piece of land between the two inlets is the sinai peninsula.
의 땅이 sinai 반도이다.

at the town meeting , residents voiced their overwhelming support for the building of a new park and recreation center in the downtown area.
시 회의에서 주민들은 시내 중심 지역에 새 공원과 레크리에이션 센터를 건립하는 것에 대해 압도적인 지지를 표명했다.

at the sight of it nausea rises in me. or the sight makes me sick.
그것을 보니 욕지기가 난다.

at the age of forty-seven he is truly a wonder.
마흔 일곱의 나이에 그는 진정 경이적인 인물입니다.

at the same time , it is not a straitjacket.
동시에 , 그것은 구속이 아니기도 하다.

at the same time , it is an argument which needs to be evaluated empirically ; it is not a theological issue.
동시에 , 이것은 실증적으로 평가되어지는 것이 필요한 문제이지 신학적인 문제가 아니다.

at the same time , economic collapse will have a calamitous effect on government revenues.
동시에 , 경제적인 붕괴는 정부의 수입에 비참한 영향을 끼치게 될 것이다.

at the empty workstation in the back , on the left. and the new printer goes back there as well.
왼쪽 뒤에 비어있는 곳에 두죠. 새 프린터도 뒤에 놓고요.

at the bare thought of snowboarding , i go crazy.
스노우보딩을 생각만 해도 나는 미친다.

at the conclusion of the show , everyone clapped their hands.
공연이 끝나자 모든 사람들은 박수갈채를 보냈다.

at the ballet , billy said as an aside to his mother , " i hope the dancers fall off the stage !".
발레를 구경하면서 빌리는 엄마에게 작은 소리로 말했다. " 춤추는 사람들이 무대에서 떨어졌으면 좋겠다. ".

at what time is the cruise ship scheduled to arrive in alexandria ?.
다음 중 크루즈 배가 알렉산드리아에 도착하게 될 시각은 언제인가 ?.

at this moment , intense concentration is on the target down-range.
이 순간 , 강렬한 집중대상은 낮은 지대의 목표물이다.

at this stage , neither of us knew the name of the underwriter.
이 단계에서는 우리 중 누구도 보험사의 이름을 알 수 없다.

at every level , this portends for the good of the travel and tourism industry.
관광업계와 여행업계 모든 수준에 걸쳐 호황이 예상된다.

at all levels , the government derides the family.
모든 방면에서 , 정부는 그 가정을 조롱했다.

at that time he had two helpers.
그 당시 프랭크는 두 명의 조수를 두고 있었다.

at that time , i lived in a salty room.
그 당시 나는 소금기가 많은 방에서 살았다.

at that time , everybody burst out laughing.
그 때 모두가 폭소를 터뜨렸다.

at night , the pineal gland releases the sleep-promoting hormone melatonin.
밤에 송과선은 수면을 촉진하는 멜라토닌이라는 호르몬을 방출한다.

at sea for many weeks , the sailor yearned for his home.
수개월 동안 배를 타고 멀리 나와 있다 보니 그 선원은 집이 그리워졌다.

at least you could have asked for your boss's advice.
최소한 사장님에게 어떻게 해야 할지 물어 볼 수도 있었잖아요.

at least this baby has a comprehensible plot.
적어도 이 아기는 이해될 수 있는 부분이 있습니다.

at least 100 people in nepal's capital have been wounded saturday as tens of thousands of protesters defied a curfew.
금요일에 네팔의 수도에서 수 만여 명이 주간 통행금지를 무시한 채 거리로 몰려나와 시위를 벌이던 중 최소한 1백명이 부상했습니다.

at least they have a modicum of common sense.
그래도 그들은 최소한 약간의 상식은 가지고 있다.

at least for that he does not have to stand on tiptoes.
구경꾼들은 조금이라도 더 잘 보려고 발돋움을 했다.

at least six bodies , most riddled with bullets or indicating signs of torture , turned up today.
총알이 몸 곳곳에 박히고 고문의 흔적을 보여주는 시체가 적어도 6구 발견됐습니다.

at least 93 people were killed in torrential rains that poured southern china earlier this month.
중국은 이달초 남부지역에서 발생한 집중 호우로 93명이 사망한 것을 포함해 최근 자연 재해가 잇따르고 있습니다.

at least rooney has a little charisma.
적어도 루니는 약간의 카리스마는 있다.

at least 8.6 million adults in great britain have a disability.
최소 8 , 600 , 000명의 그레이트 브리튼 어른들은 장애를 가지고 있다고 한다.

at least four-thousand people gathered for a rally today in taipei as heavy rain fell.
타이완 수도 타이베이에서 오늘 열린 이 집회에는 비가 쏟아지는 가운데 4천여명이 참가했습니다.

at one time they were more colorful than the butterflies.
한 때는 그들이 나비보다 더 화려했었다.

at 10 : 50pm on 28 sep 2008 , johnconstable wrote : durr ,.
2008년 9월 28일 오후 10시50분 , johnconstable은 다음과 같이 적었다. 이런.

at its morning fixing in london , palladium was valued at $125.25 per ounce , its lowest price since june 1 , 1996.
런던의 오전장 마감 결과 팔라듐은 온스당 125달러 25센트로 1996년 6월 1일 이후 최저가를 기록했다.

at its core , the bill is an attempt to overhaul and then deregulate a declining industry , long overdue for fundamental change.
법안의 핵심은 오래 전부터 근본적인 변화가 필요했던 사양 산업에 대한 구조 개편과 규제 폐지이다.

at first i felt a little doubtful.
처음에 나는 그것이 잘 믿겨지지 않았다.

at first , i was very interested in acting.
처음에는 연기에 아주 관심이 많았었죠.

at first , she missed the misspelling.
처음에는 , 그녀는 철자를 잘못썼다.

at first , these catsups were usually sour.
처음에는 , 이 catsup들은 대개 신맛이 났어요.

at first the colonists lived on good terms with the native people.
처음에 개척자들은 원주민들과 사이좋게 지냈다.

at first sight i could easily conjure up that she would become a good actress.
나는 첫눈에 그녀가 훌륭한 여배우가 되리라는 것을 쉽게 상상할 수 있었다.

at first lewis resisted their blandishments.
그 커플은 결혼 날짜를 알려달라는 매체의 감언에 넘어가지 않았다.

at seven p.m. sharp , bobby , an organizer of " fight the fat ," takes the stage.
오후 7시 정각 , " 살과의 전쟁 " 주최자인 바비가 강단에 올라 발표를 한다.

at breakfast for the homeless at saint hippolyte roman catholic church in paris , algerian immigrant amirouche laradjane munches on a thick slice of bread as he discusses new french legislation aimed at tightening immigration rules.
파리에 있는 세인트 이풀리테 가톨릭 교회가 노숙자들을 위해 마련한 아침 식사 중에 알제리인 이민자 , 아미루체 라라지아네씨는 두터운 빵 조각을 우적우 적 씹으면서 이민 규정을 엄격히 하기 위한 프랑스의 새 법에 관해 말을 꺼냈습니다.

at day's end , we watched the many colors of the sunset.
하루의 일과를 마무리하며 우리는 석양의 다양한 빛깔을 감상하였다.

at metronaps they hand you a blanket.
메트로냅스 측 사람들이 담요를 가져다 줍니다.

at johns hopkins , a similar robot is used to teleconference with a translator for doctors who do not speak their patients' languages.
존스 홉킨스 병원에서도 비슷한 로봇이 환자의 언어를 말할 수 없는 의사들을 위한 번역기와 함께 원격 회의를 하는 데 쓰이고 있습니다.

at dusk bats appear in vast numbers.
해질 무렵이면 박쥐들이 어마어마한 수를 이뤄 나타난다.

at 140kg , snowflake , who was a national favorite at the barcelona zoo in spain , had struggled with skin cancer for the past two years.
스페인 바로셀로나 동물원에서 전국민의 사랑을 받던 이 동물은 1백40kg에 '눈꽃'이라는 이름을 가진 고릴라로 2년간 피부암으로 고생해왔 었다.

the bus driver asked the passengers to move to the rear.
버스 운전사는 승객들에게 안쪽으로 들어가 달라고 부탁했다.

the bus was full. the passengers were packed like sardines.
버스는 만원이라 , 승객들은 콩나물 시루처럼 꽉 채워진 상태였다.

the driver was robbed at gunpoint.
운전사는 총으로 위협당한 채 강탈당했다.

the patients were suffering in agonies of pain.
환자들은 너무 아파서 몸부림치며 고통스러워했다.

the earth is approaching another iceage and his species will not survive.
지구에는 다시 빙하기가 오고 있는데 이 종족은 살아남지 못할꺼야.

the earth revolves on its axis.
지구는 지축을 중심으로 자전한다.

the earth moves round the sun.
지구는 태양의 주위를 돈다.

the sun is rising on japanese rugby , and i wish it well.
일본인의 럭비에 행운이 오고 있어 그리고 난 그것이 잘 되길 빌어.

the sun is smaller than the moon.
태양이 달보다 작아.

the sun is shining through the glass.
햇빛이 유리를 통해 들어와 비추고 있다.

the sun was shining and there was not a tourist in sight.
태양은 빛났고 그 곳에 관광객은 보이지않았다.

the sun was sinking in the west.
해가 서쪽으로 지고 있었다.

the sun was blazing , the water blue , and we could not quite believe someone had allowed us to be here , bobbing among the gondoliers and vaporetti.
해는 강열한 열을 뿜어냈고 , 물을 파랬으며 , 우리는 다른사람이 우리를 여기를 오게 허락했다는 것을 믿을 수가 없었다. 머리를 까닥거리며 우리는 배를 탔.

the word ketchup is originated from the chinese ketsiap , a pickled fish sauce.
세계의 케첩이라는 단어는 소금에 절인 생선 소스를 가리키는 중국어 ketsiap에서 유래됐어요.

the word midget is considered a derogatory term.
단어 " 난쟁이 " 는 모욕적인 단어로 생각되어진다.

the rice is scorched at the bottom.
밥이 눌어 누룽지가 되었다.

the rice cakes have a chewy texture.
떡이 쫄깃쫄깃하다.

the rice plant is a kind of grass.
벼는 풀의 일종이다.

the cold air made her face tingle.
찬 바람에 그녀는 얼굴이 얼얼했다.

the cold seems to have decreased in severity.
추위도 한풀 꺾인 것 같다.

the cold weather often keeps us locked up indoors snuggling under a duvet.
추운 계절은 종종 실내에서 문을 걸어 잠그고 우리를 이불 속에서 뒹굴게 한다.

the job has to be done in time for our housewarming party on saturday.
토요일 날 집들이를 하려면 그 일은 제 시간에 끝나야 해요.

the shop steward had been promised a promotion and so had a foot in both camps-workers and management-during the strike.
그 공장의 노조 대표는 승진이 약속되어 있었기 때문에 , 동맹파업 때 노동자와 경영자측 쌍방에 양 다리를 걸치고 있었다.

the morning glory winds around a bamboo pole.
나팔꽃이 대나무 장대에 친친 감겨 있다.

the very next day , charlie steps through the factory gates to explore the wondrous premise with five other ticket winners.
그 다음날 , 찰리는 다른 5명의 당첨자들과 함께 공장 안으로 들어가 견학을 하게 된다.

the very sight of him is enough to gag a maggot.
그의 얼굴만 봐도 구역질이 날 정도이다.

the very earliest existence of the modern day computer's ancestor is the abacus.
가장 먼저 있었던 , 현대 컴퓨터의 조상은 주판이다.

the tennis champion's nemesis was a 16-year-old newcomer from iowa.
그 테니스 챔피언의 강적은 아이오와 출신의 열여섯살 짜리 신참이었다.

the water is about to overflow the side of the boat.
물결이 뱃전에 넘실거린다.

the water is boiling.
물이 끓고 있어요.

the water is as clear as crystal.
물은 수정처럼 맑다.

the water is regularly tested for purity.
그 물은 정기적으로 청정도 검사를 한다.

the water will not go down the bathroom drain.
물이 화장실 배수관으로 빠지질 않아요.

the water had raced down the slope and scoured out the bed of a stream.
그 물이 비탈 아래로 흘러내리면서 개울 바닥을 이루고 있었다.

the water became milky white as soon as white paint was dissolved.
흰 물감을 풀자 물이 뿌옇게 흐려졌다.

the water supply here is adequate.
이 곳의 물 공급은 충분하다.

the water passes through this pipe.
물은 이 파이프를 흐르고 있다.

the 100 million pounds overshoot in the cost of building the hospital.
나는 고속도로 진입로를 지나쳐서 다시 돌아와야 했다.

the english are a nation apart.
영국인은 독특한 국민이다.

the rain , so far from being seasonable , did a good deal of damage to the crops.
그 비는 단비이기는커녕 농작물에 큰 피해 입혔다.

the rain will settle the dust.
이 비로 먼지가 가라앉게 될 것이다.

the rain had stopped , but the sky was still overcast with gray.
비는 그쳤지만 하늘은 여전히 잿빛이었다.

the rain was coming down in torrents.
비가 양동이로 들어붓듯이 내리고 있었다.

the rain made a hash of our picnic.
비는 우리의 소풍을 망쳤다.

the rain made their planned barbecue a total failure.
준비했던 바비큐 파티는 비로 인해 완전 실패로 돌아갔다.

the rain made their barbecue party a total failure.
비 때문에 그들의 바베큐 파티는 완전 실패로 끝났다.

the rain beating against the window panes.
트럭의 앞유리 중 하나가 깨져 있다.

the most serious challenge american muslim scholars face , according to ibrahim kalin , is doubts in the muslim world about their authenticity and religious devotion.
이브라힘 칼린씨에 따르면 , 현재 미국의 회교도 학자들이 당면하고 있는 가장 심각한 도전은 이들의 진실성과 종교적 헌신에 관한 회교권의 의심이라고 말 합니다.

the most well known is the cactus.
가장 널리 알려진 것은 선인장입니다.

the most recent suggestion is to fly 747 jets full of white powder into the center of the storm.
가장 최근에 제시된 안은 백색 파우더를 가득 실은 747비행기들을 태풍의 중심에 띄우자는 것입니다.

the most recent migration you performed is described below.
가장 최근에 수행한 마이그레이션이 아래에 기술되어 있습니다.

the most common form of the mineral , calcium carbonate , is derived from limestone and oyster shells.
미네랄 탄산칼슘의 가장 일반적인 형태는 석회석과 굴 껍질에서 얻어진다.

the most common method used to maintain a healthy aquarium is filtration.
건강한 수족관을 유지하기 위해 사용되는 가장 흔한 방법은 여과법입니다.

the most severe case is in the black sea , where comb jellies arrived in the late 70s , likely in ship ballast water.
가장 심각한 경우는 70년대 후반에 빗해파리가 도착한 흑해의 , 배 물밸러스트에서와 같은 곳에서 입니다.

the most obvious precaution , of course is always to lock the car.
물론 가장 분명한 예방 조치는 차를 언제나 잠가 두는 일이다.

the most urgent thing is to let people know the present state.
가장 시급한 일은 사람들에게 현 상황을 알리는 거야.

the most proximate planet from earth is venus.
지구에서 가장 가까운 행성은 금성이다.

the people in this residence are just plain folks.
이 지역의 사람들은 소박한 사람들이다.

the people are at the beach.
사람들이 해변에 있다.

the people are on a motorcycle.
그 사람들은 오토바이에 타고 있다.

the people are performing in an auditorium.
사람들이 강당에서 공연을 하고 있다.

the people are riding on a train.
사람들이 기차에 타고 있다.

the people are putting newspapers into a pile.
사람들이 신문을 차곡차곡 쌓아 놓고 있다.

the people are standing beside a nice stream.
사람들이 멋진 개울에 서있다.

the people are agitated over the question.
이 문제로 민심이 동요하고 있다.

the people are staring at the ceiling.
사람들이 천장을 응시하고 있다.

the people are packing their clothes.
사람들이 옷을 싸고 있다.

the people are crossing a brook.
사람들이 개울을 건너고 있다.

the people who administer the tests are not necessarily experts.
그 테스트를 수항하는 사람은 반드시 전문가는 아니다.

the people were curious about the dove's new eating habits.
사람들은 비둘기의 새로운 식사습관에 대해 신기하게 생각했다.

the people were domiciled in the region.
그들은 그 지역에 정주했다.

the people whom i know do not despise america.
내가 알고 있는 그 사람들은 미국을 경멸하지 않는다.

the people wanted the king to give up his throne , but he refused to abdicate.
국민들은 왕이 왕권을 포기하기를 원했지만 , 그는 물러나기를 거부했다.

the children are learning their multiplication tables by rote.
아이들이 구구단을 암기하고 있다.

the children are becoming disillusioned by the grown-ups' selfish way of thinking.
어른들의 이기심으로 동심이 멍들고 있다.

the children are scared to death because of a venomous snake.
아이들은 독사때문에 놀라 까무라칠 지경이다.

the children of the immigrants easily assimilated into american culture.
이민자들의 자녀들은 미국 문화에 쉽게 동화되었다.

the children walked away by twos and threes.
아이들이 두셋씩 끼리끼리 걸어갔다.

the children were very tired after the field trip on the zoo.
아이들은 동물원 견학을 다녀온 후 몹시 피곤했어요.

the children were still wide awake even though it was well past their bedtime.
잠자리에 들 시간이 한참 지났는데도 아이들은 말똥말똥했다.

the children were banished from the dining room.
아이들은 벌로 식당에서 쫓겨났다.

the children were confided to her care.
아이들은 그녀에게 맡겨졌다.

the children were frolicking in the snow.
아이들이 눈장난을 하며 놀고 있었다.

the children capered about on the beach.
아이들은 해변가를 신나게 뛰어 다녔다.

the parents of the eloped couple tried to annul the marriage.
가출한 연인의 양가 부모는 그들의 결혼을 취소하려했다.

the works are a series of imaginative murals depicting scenes from the life of simon bolivar , made by a little-known ecuadorian artist living in new york.
그 작품들은 뉴욕에 살고 있는 에콰도르 출신의 무명 화 가가 그린 것으로 , 사이몬 볼리바의 일생에 있었던 여러 장면들을 묘사한 상상력을 자극하는 벽화 시리즈이다.

the hard water sample is then titrated with the edta.
다음으로 경수(센물) 샘플을 edta로 적정한다.

the time will come when you will repent it.
언젠가 후회할 때가 올 걸.

the time of using language of bullying and coercion.
괴롭힘과 강압의 언어를 쓰는 시대.

the mind of a serial killer is bound to be different.
연쇄 살인범들의 정신은 다르기 마련이다.

the room is stuffy and stale smelling.
이 방은 답답하고 퀴퀴한 냄새가 난다.

the room was crowded with people.
그 방은 사람들로 가득했다.

the hotel is a haven of peace and tranquility.
그 호텔은 평화롭고 고요한 안식처이다.

the hotel is full to capacity.
이 호텔은 만원이다.

the hotel is known for its excellent cuisine.
이 호텔의 요리는 유명하다.

the hotel we stayed in was really dilapidated.
우리가 묵은 호텔은 정말로 허름한 곳이었다.

the hotel has every modern comfort.
그 호텔에는 현대적이고 쾌적한 온갖 설비가 있다.

the hotel staff are friendly and attentive.
그 호텔 직원들은 친절하고 세심하다.

the hotel bella vista is known not only for its architectural beauty , but for its colorful 120-year-old history , as well.
벨라 비스타 호텔은 건축물의 아름다움은 물론 120년의 화려한 역사로도 유명하다.

the great wall of china is the only manmade structure visible from space : wrong !.
중국 만리장성만이 우주로부터 볼 수 있는 , 인간이 만든 유일한 구조물이다 : 틀렸다 !.

the man is a top notch idiot.
그 사람은 최고로 바보스럽다.

the man is a boxing fan.
남자는 복싱 팬이다.

the man is in front of the carport.
남자가 간이 차고 앞에 있다.

the man is so called a grand master of investing , who has an uncanny gift for playing big economic trends.
그는 소위 투자의 달인이라고 불리며 거대한 경제흐름을 판단하는 신비한 재능을 가지고 있다.

the man is going through the subway turnstile.
남자가 지하철 역의 회전식 개표구를 통과하고 있다.

the man is on a quest for the treasure-trove on the island.
그 남자는 보물섬에서 땅속의 보물을 탐색하고 있다.

the man is being seated by the waiter.
남자는 웨이터의 자리 안내를 받고 있다.

the man is looking at the artwork.
남자가 미술 작품을 보고 있다.

the man is looking up at the banner.
남자가 깃발을 올려다보고 있다.

the man is looking underneath the car.
남자가 차의 밑을 보고 있다.

the man is next to a sewing machine.
남자가 재봉틀과 나란히 있다.

the man is used to material comforts.
남자는 물질적인 안락함에 익숙해져 있다.

the man is eating a hamburger.
남자가 햄버거를 먹고있다.

the man is good at delving into mysteries.
남자는 미스터리를 밝혀 내는 데 능하다.

the man is waiting on the loading ramp.
남자가 화물용 이동 계단 위에서 기다리고 있다.

the man is waiting for his luggage.
남자는 수화물을 기다리고 있다.

the man is bending the photograph.
남자가 사진을 구부리고 있다.

the man is using a blower to move leaves.
남자가 송풍기로 낙엽들을 치우고 있다.

the man is considering buying sunglasses.
남자는 썬그라스 구매를 고려하고 있다.

the man is chopping wood with an ax.
남자는 도끼로 나무를 자르고 있다.

the man is sitting on the balloon.
남자가 풍선 위에 앉아 있다.

the man is sitting cross-legged while reading the paper.
남자가 책상다리를 하고 앉아 신문을 읽고 있다.

the man is laying out a template.
남자가 형판을 배치하고 있다.

the man is walking along a plank.
남자가 널빤지 위를 걷고 있다.

the man is writing on a balloon.
남자가 풍선에 글씨를 쓰고 있다.

the man is leaving the park with a blower.
남자가 송풍기를 가지고 공원을 떠나고 있다.

the man is waving from the phone booth.
남자가 공중전화 부스에서 손을 흔들고 있다.

the man is riding in a stable.
남자가 마구간에서 말을 타고 있다.

the man is putting on a shawl.
남자가 숄을 걸치고 있다.

the man is holding a helmet in his hands.
남자가 양 손에 헬멧을 들고 있다.

the man is selling coca cola.
남자가 코카콜라를 팔고 있다.

the man is arranging the bookshelf.
한 사람이 서가를 정렬하고 있다.

the man is receiving his diploma.
남자가 졸업장을 받고 있다.

the man is watering the corn.
남자가 옥수수에 물을 주고 있다.

the man is voting in the election.
남자가 선거에서 투표하고 있다.

the man is staring at the stars.
남자는 별을 응시하고 있다.

the man is tying the rope.
남자가 밧줄을 묶고 있다.

the man is joining a club.
남자는 클럽에 가입하고 있다.

the man is retaining outside counsel.
남자가 외부 변호사를 고용하고 있다.

the man is staging a puppet show.
남자가 인형극을 보여 주고 있다.

the man is wallowing in mud.
남자가 진흙탕 속에서 뒹굴고 있다.

the man is tuning a guitar.
남자가 기타 줄을 조율하고 있다.

the man is boating on a lake.
남자가 호수에서 보트를 타고 있다.

the man is wheeling a cart with a tv on it.
남자가 tv를 실은 카트를 밀고 있다.

the man is mopping the floor.
남자가 마루를 닦고 있다.

the man is sawing some wood.
남자가 톱으로 나무를 자르고 있다.

the man is planing the window sill.
남자가 창턱을 대패질하고 있다.

the man is hopping over the mixing board.
남자가 믹싱 보드를 뛰어넘고 있다.

the man is chipping away at the ice.
남자가 얼음을 조금씩 깎아 내고 있다.

the man is skimming through a newspaper.
남자가 신문을 훑어보고 있다.

the man is slumbering in the shop.
남자가 가게에서 졸고 있다.

the man is excavating a treasure.
남자가 보물을 발굴하고 있다.

the man is unpacking his keyboard.
남자가 키보드의 포장을 풀고 있다.

the man is unlocking the window.
남자가 창문의 잠금 장치를 풀고 있다.

the man in the street has little interest in commoner literature at the end of the chosun dynasty.
보통 사람은 조선 말기의 평민문학에는 거의 흥미가 없다.

the man works at a fast food restaurant.
남자가 패스트푸드 음식점에서 일하고 있다.

the man works as a handyman.
남자가 잡역부로 일하고 있다.

the man on the cart is wielding a hammer.
카트에 탄 남자가 망치를 휘두르고 있다.

the man can not find an electrical outlet.
남자는 콘센트를 찾을수 없었다.

the man and woman cooed about their love for each other.
그 남자와 여자는 서로 사랑을 속삭였다.

the man was singing his own praise.
그는 자화자찬하고 있었다.

the man was wrinkled and bent over.
그 노인은 주름지고 허리가 구부러져 있었다.

the man who fainted became conscious.
기절한 이는 의식을 찾았다.

the man has become a victim of their scheme.
그들의 계획에 그가 희생되었다.

the man cries in great agony.
그 남자는 고통의 몸부림을 치며 소리쳤다.

the man treasures the rusty old bicycle.
그 남자는 그 녹슬고 오래된 자전거를 소중하게 여긴다.

the man renders thanksgiving to god after performing his ablution.
그 남자는 목욕재계 후 신에게 감사 기도를 드린다.

the man doffed his hat to the lady.
그 남자는 그 숙녀를 보고 모자를 벗었다.

the man unconsciously lied on stilts.
호언장담하다가 그는 무의식적으로 거짓말을 했다.

the manager would assign people to me then they'd disappear.
매니저가 저에게 사람들을 배정해주면 그 사람들은 떠나가는 식이었죠.

the manager was rewarded for his cost-cutting idea.
매니저는 비용 절감 아이디어를 내서 포상을 받았다.

the other is called the great unconformity , and represents a time in the geological history of the canyon that left no sediment behind.
또 다른 하나는 대부정합이라고 부르는 것으로 , 이는 그랜드캐니언의 지질학적 역사에서 퇴적물을 전혀 남기지 않은 시기를 말한다.

the other main danger is ukraine.
여타의 큰 위험은 우크라이나다.

the other day a few of us were teasing frank.
요전 날 우리 몇 명이 프랭크를 놀렸거든.

the other symbols record the positions of clouds and constellations.
다른 기호들은 구름과 별자리들의 위치를 기록한다.

the car does not have a windshield wiper.
그 자동차는 와이퍼가 없습니다.

the car had ended up skewed across the road.
그 차가 결국에는 도로를 비스듬히 가로지르게 되고 말았었다.

the car accident resulted from mike forcing his pace.
그 차 사고는 마이크가 무리하게 속력을 내다가 일어났다.

the car was praised for its racy body design , accelerator capabilities , superior curve handling , and luxurious leather seats , wood paneling , and safety features -- including an award- winning passenger-side air bag.
이 차는 독특한 차체 디자인과 가속기의 성능 , 뛰어난 커브길 주행력 , 화려한 가죽 의자 , 목제 팔걸이 및 품질상을 수상한 에어 백을 조수석 에 장착하는 등 안전성 면에서도 우수하다는 평가를 받았다.

the car came to an abrupt halt.
차가 갑자기 멈췄다.

the car shook on the bumpy road.
길이 고르지 못해 차가 덜덜 흔들렸다.

the car narrowly missed a cyclist.
그 자동차가 자전거 탄 사람을 간신히 피했다.

the car bumper is designed to absorb shock on impact.
자동차 범퍼는 충돌 시 충격을 흡수하도록 설계되었다.

the car careened down the hill and hit a wall.
차가 언덕 아래로 떨어져 벽을 들이 받았다.

the car spattered my new coat with mud.=the car spattered mud on my new coat.
자동차가 나의 새 코트에 진탕을 튀겼다.

the way he did it was on the legit.
그의 방법은 정직했다.

the way she divides the interior with sliding fabric partitions is also noteworthy.
건물 내부를 천 으로 만든 미닫이식 칸막이로 나눈 것도 또한 특기할 만합니다.

the way people live adds dirt to the air.
사람들이 사는 방식은 대기를 오염시킨다.

the way that the spanish government treated the cubans was very harsh.
스페인 정부가 쿠바인들을 대하는 태도는 매우 가혹했다.

the way kino learns to pearl dive is the same as any other kid.
kino가 진주조개를 채취하기 위해 배운 방법은 다른 애들이 하는 방법과 똑같다.

the party is sweating on the election day.
그 당은 선거일을 잔뜩 기대하고 있다.

the party would be called the " vanguard party ".
그 당의 이름은 " 전위정당 " 이라고 불려졌다.

the party was a dull affair.
그 파티는 보잘것없었다.

the party was flawed by their rude behavior.
그들의 예의 없는 행동으로 인해 파티는 엉망이 되었다.

the party members are still on the reservation.
당원들이 아직 소속되어있다.

the party began to take on an unreal , almost nightmarish quality.
파티가 너무도 이상한 , 거의 악몽과 같은 성격을 띠기 시작했다.

the party needs to broaden its appeal to voters.
그 당은 유권자들에 대한 호소의 폭을 넓혀야 한다.

the party attempted to assemble its aims into a focussed political project.
그 당은 집중적인 정치 활동에로 목표를 모으려고 했다.

the book is a collection of his reminiscences about the actress.
그 책은 그 여배우에 대한 그의 추억담들을 모아 놓은 것이다.

the book is about two great philosophers' colloquy.
그 책은 두 대단한 철학가의 대화에 관한 것이다.

the book is neatly bound.
책의 장정이 아담하다.

the book , an international bestseller , sold more than six million copies in twenty-two languages.
세계적인 베스트 셀러인 이 책은 22개 국어로 번역돼 6백만 부 이상 팔렸다.

the book also contains appendices discussing wages , and costs and inflation.
이 책은 임금 , 비용 , 인플레이션에 대한 부록도 포함하고 있다.

the book began with a quotation from goethe.
그 책은 괴테에서 따온 인용구로 시작되었다.

the book contains a bibliography.
그 책에는 참고 문헌 목록이 있다.

the book documented the rise of the political right with its accompanying strands of nationalism and racism.
그 책은 정치적 권리의 상승과 그에 따른 국가주의 및 인종차별주의의 요소를 입증했다.

the book critic made incisive comments about the new novel.
그 서평가는 새 소설에 대해 신랄하게 평을 했다.

the book summoned up memories of my childhood.
그 책은 내 어린 시절의 추억을 불러일으켰다.

the finished roof should be weatherproof for years.
잘 마무리된 지붕은 오랫동안 비바람에 잘 견디게 된다.

the middle east is a volatile region where conflicts abound and often affect across borders.
중동은 분쟁이 다양하고 또 이 분쟁이 종종 국경을 넘어 다른 지역에까지 영향을 미치는 등 폭발성이 강한 지역입니다.

the mine currently yields 175 , 000 tons of ore each year , with an average concentration of 50 percent zinc.
그 광산은 현재 매년 17만 5천 톤의 광석을 산출하고 있는데 , 평균 아연 선광도는 50퍼센트에 이른다.

the building had been wrecked by the explosion.
그 건물은 그 폭발로 파괴되었었다.

the building was in a general state of disrepair.
그 건물은 전체적으로 보수가 안 된 상태였다.

the building was destroyed by a bomb.
그 건물은 폭탄으로 파괴되었다.

the building was awe-inspiring in size and design.
그 건물은 규모와 디자인이 경외심을 불러일으켰다.

the building has an elevator , laundry room , 24-hour doorman , and parking garage. $899 , 000.
건물에는 엘리베이터 , 세탁실 , 24시간 현관 안내인 , 주차장 등이 있으며 , 가격은 899 , 000달러입니다.

the building has started to decay.
그 건물은 붕괴하기 시작했다.

the house is a microcosm of the city.
집은 도시의 축소판이다.

the house is shut in by trees.
그 집은 수목에 둘러싸여 있다.

the house is half-built. it's too late to hire a different architect. you can not change horses in midstream.
그 집은 이미 반은 되어가고 있습니다. 다른 건축가를 쓰기에는 늦었습니다. 중도변경은 안 됩니다.

the house of commons and the house of lords constitute the british parliament.
영국의 의회는 하원과 상원으로 구성되어 있다.

the house next door was burgled.
옆집에 도둑이 들었다.

the house was buried under the landslide.
산사태로 집이 매몰되었다.

the house was built using salvaged materials.
그 집은 화재에서 회수된 재료들로 지어졌다.

the house was completely overrun with mice.
그 집은 완전히 쥐새끼들 천지였다.

the house stands by itself in an acre of land.
그 집은 1에이커의 대지 내에 혼자 서 있다.

the house needed extensive alteration when we moved in.
우리가 이사갔을 때 그 집은 대대적인 개조가 필요했다.

the house appropriations committee of the united states trimmed down $900 million out of the administration's $40 billion foreign aid appropriation request.
미국 하원 세출 위원회는 해외 원조에 관한 정부의 요구액 400억 달러 중에서 9억 달러를 삭감했다.

the next time someone tells you their memory is " a little rusty ," they may be telling the truth.
다음에 누가 자기의 기억이 " 약간 녹슬었다 " 는 말을 한다면 그것은 사실일지도 모릅니다.

the next big push came in 1972 , when powell's commanding officers ordered him to apply for the white house fellows program.
또 한차례 큰 도약의 기회는 1972년 파월의 상관이 그에게 백악관 자원 연수 프로그램에 지원하도록 명령 했을 때 찾아왔습니다.

the next area of intelligence is bodily-kinesthetic.
지능의 다음 영역은 운동 감각이다.

the next problem is the entire difficulty of travel in many parts of laos , which has poor roads and communications systems.
또다른 문제는 라오스의 도로와 통신 체제가 취약해 국내에서의 이동이 너무 어렵다는 점입니다.

the next generation wireless lans are developing around the lap-top , palm-top , and pen-pad computers.
차세대 무선 lan 은 랩탑 , 팜탑 , pen-pad 컴퓨터와 성장하고 있다.

the next button is not available because you have not yet chosen a city.
도시를 선택하지 않았기 때문에 단추를 사용할 수 없습니다.

the next frontier in mobile phones , not music , but ultrasound.
휴대폰의 차기 첨단분야는 음악이 아니라 초음파입니다.

the population has been decimated by a cholera epidemic.
콜레라 유행으로 인구가 격감했다.

the population has significantly diminished because of the war.
전쟁으로 그 나라의 인구가 크게 줄어들었다.

the world is in such a disarray.
세상이 어지럽게 돌아가고 있다.

the world is moving ever more deeply into the realm of shortages.
세상은 점점 더 부족의 상태로 되어가고 있다.

the world is full of intricate and complicated people.
세상은 복잡하고 난해한 사람들로 가득차 있다.

the world is full of wondrous things.
세상은 불가사의한 것들로 가득해요.

the world now expects a quantum leap forward.
세계는 지금 앞으로의 비약적인 발전을 기대하고 있다.

the world bank should report on the results in an open and transparent manner.
세계은행은 공개적이고 투명한 방식으로 그 결과에 대해 보고해야 한다.

the world stood poised between peace and war.
세계는 평화와 전쟁 사이에서 아슬아슬하게 균형을 이루고 있었다.

the world s worst-smelling flower is in bloom.
세계에서 가장 냄새가 독한 꽃이 활짝 피었다.

the world cup amused the people across the country.
월드컵은 온 나라에 사람들을 즐겁게 하였다.

the world cup bandwagon is starting to roll.
월드컵 행사가 펼쳐지기 시작하고 있다.

the world tango championship has attracted couples from 29 countries.
이번 세계 탱고 선수권 대회에 참가하기 위해 29개국에서 탱고 커플들이 몰려들었습니다.

the rising federal budget deficit , the ballooning trade imbalance and the prospect of higher interest rates in the future.
늘어가는 연방예산 적자 , 급증하는 무역 불균형 , 그리고 앞으로 금리가 더 인상되리라는 전망 등입니다.

the rising demand for information-technology workers has led some companies to recruit employees overseas.
정보기술자의 수요가 증가하면서 어떤 회사들은 해외에서 직원을 구하고 있다.

the better roads offset the great distance.
길이 좋아져 거리가 멀어진 것이 상쇄되었다.

the language institute has excellent cadre of instructors.
그 어학원은 유능한 강사진을 보유하고 있다.

the lost manuscript was found in a repository in france.
잃어버린 원고가 프랑스의 한 보관소에서 발견되었다.

the key is a microphone and receiver placed on the tendon on your wrist.
그 비결은 손목 힘줄에 부착된 마이크로폰과 수신기에 있습니다.

the key to the predicament of rising energy prices lies in the hands of oil cartel opec.
에너지 가격의 상승과 같은 난국의 열쇠는 석유 카르텔인 opec의 손에 놓여있다.

the key question of what caused the leak remains unanswered.
무엇이 그 누출 사건을 초래했느냐 하는 핵심적인 문제에 대해서는 여전히 답이 나오지 않은 상태이다.

the key question here , i think , is whether north korea is genuinely intending to stop and dismantle the nuclear program.
문제의 핵심은 북한이 진정으로 핵 프로그램을 중단하고 해제할 의도가 있느냐 하는 것입니다.

the animals are kept in the most wretched conditions.
그 동물들은 더할 수 없이 끔찍한 환경 속에 갇혀 있다.

the three most common forms are non-reductive materialism , reductive materialism , and eliminative materialism.
비환원주의적 물질주의 , 환원주의적 물질주의 , 제거가능주의적 물질주의가 가장 일반적인 세가지 형태이다.

the three leaders said they planned to make the trilateral summit an annual event and strengthen ties through increased political and cultural exchanges.
세 지도자들은 그들이 연례 행사로 3자 간의 정상회담을 열고 증가된 정치적이고 문화적인 교류를 통한 유대를 강화시킬 계획을 갖고 있다 고 말했습니다.

the three dimensional topology of vortical structure of a jet in cross flow.
횡단류 제트 와류구조의 3차원 토폴라지.

the three ridings.
요크셔.

the three ridings.
요크셔종 돼지.

the study of the educational space in cho sun dynasty.
조선시대 교육공간에 관한 고찰.

the study of system development ubiquitous for resolving the regional unbalance among prevention facilities : a case study on gyungnam.
방재시설의 지역적 불균형 해소를 위한 유비쿼터스 시스템 개발에 관한 연구.

the study of ventilation system during fire in road tunnel with bi-directional or congested unidirectional traffic.
교통정체가 심한 도로터널에 대한 화재시 제연방식에 관한 연구.

the study of ergonomics on stairways design in elderly housing.
고령자용 실내계단 디자인에 관한 인간공학적 실험연구.

the study on the accident injury severity using ordered probit model.
순서형 프로빗 모형을 이용한 사고심각도 분석.

the study on the space for cooking and dinning of multi-family housing at yanji city in china.
중국 연변 조선족 집합주택의 취사 및 식사공간에 관한 연구.

the study on the smart curtain wall with lcd and oled in high-rise buildings.
초고층 건물의 lcd와 oled를 적용한 스마트 커튼월에 대한 연구.

the study on performance characteristics due to the superheat temperature of ammonia refrigeration system.
암모니아 냉동장치의 과열도에 관한 성능 특성 연구.

the study on analysis of the claim elements for preventing the potential claim in a large-scale turnkey-base building project - focused on cases of domestic project.
대형 건축 턴키공사의 클레임예방을 위한 클레임 요인 분석에 관한 연구 - 국내 사례를 중심으로 -.

the study on properties of mortar using heat-treatment discarded bentonite power by particle size.
소성가공한 폐벤토나이트 분말의 최대 입자크기에 따른 모르터의 물성에 관한 연구.

the study on outdoor space alteration of reconstruction apartment.
재건축 아파트의 외부공간 변화에 관한 연구.

the study on barrack design that consider user characteristic.
사용자특성을 고려한 병영생활관 계획에 관한 연구.

the money i lent him is gone.
그에게 빌려 주었던 돈이 떴다.

the money was repaid with interest.
그 돈은 이자를 붙여 갚았다.

the might of that athlete was impressive.
저 선수의 능력은 인상적이었다.

the plane will be a trendsetter for new levels of comfort in the sky.
의류 제조업자들은 유행할 가능성이 있는 스타일을 짚어내기 위해서 패션을 선도하는 사람들을 주의 깊게 지켜본다.

the plane was delayed one hour.
비행기가 한 시간 늦었다.

the plane has violated the territory of another country.
그 비행기는 타국의 영역을 침범했다.

the plane banked steeply to the left.
그 비행기는 왼쪽으로 급격히 기울어져 날았다.

the above is the gist of his speech.
이상은 그의 연설의 요지이다.

the boy is on a skateboard.
한 소년이 스케이트 보드를 타고 있다.

the boy is enjoying riding a horse.
소년이 말 타는 것을 즐기고 있다.

the boy is talking to his mom.
소년이 엄마와 이야기 하고 있다.

the boy is saving an heirloom.
남자 아이가 가보를 지키고 있다.

the boy is using the scissors.
소년이 가위를 사용하고 있다.

the boy is riding a bike.
소년이 자전거를 타고 있다.

the boy is shaking a milk bottle.
소년이 우유병을 흔들고 있다.

the boy is maladjusted to school and can not concentrate on his work.
그 소년은 학교에 잘 적응하지 못하여 학업에 집중할 수 없다.

the boy was in terror of the ghost.
소년은 귀신을 무서워했다.

the boy made a mash on a girl at the party.
파티에서 소년이 소녀에게 집적댔다.

the boy sent through a message.
그는 메시지를 알렸다.

the boy must be lonely. or the boy is lonely , i am sure.
그 아이는 필시 외로울 것이다.

the boy has a pointy chin.
이 소년은 턱이 뾰족하다.

the boy has an angelic face.
그 소년은 천사 같은 얼굴을 하고 있다.

the boy gets sulky at the slightest scolding.
그 아이는 조금만 야단쳐도 뾰로통해진다.

the boy tries to find his notebook.
소년은 공책을 찾고 있다.

the boy stuck his tongue in his cheek before his friends.
그 소년은 친구들 앞에 혀끝으로 볼을 불룩하게 하였다.

the boy beside me had a toothy grin frozen on his lips.
내 옆에 앉은 소년은 내내 이를 드러내고 웃었다.

the boy hid behind his mother as the girl blew the roof.
소년은 소녀가 노발대발해서 어머니 뒤에 숨었다.

the boy hid behind his mother because the girl was mad as mad.
소년은 소녀가 노발대발하여 자신의 어머니 뒤에서 숨었다.

the boy stamped out a charcoal.
그 소년은 불씨를 발로 껐다.

the boy hitched up his pony to the cart and rode away.
소년은 망아지를 짐수레에 묶어 타고 갔다.

the boy crawled in through the hedge.
그 소년은 울타리 밑으로 기어들었다.

the baby is cuddled up in the mother's arms.
아기는 엄마 품에 안겨 있다.

the baby no longer needs to be attached to his or her mother with the umbilical cord.
이 아기는 더 이상 탯줄로 그나 그녀의 엄마와 연결되어 있을 필요가 없어요.

the baby can not fall out of her crib.
아기는 유아용 침대에서는 굴러 떨어질 수 없어요.

the baby has mental retardation because of a birth defect.
그 아기는 선천적 결함으로 인해 정신지체를 앓고 있다.

the baby koala bear is earless , blind , hairless and about the size of a jelly bean !.
아기 코알라는 잘 들리지 않고 , 눈도 잘 보이지 않고 , 그리고 약 젤리 콩만한 크기예요 !.

the students are roughing it in a shack with no running water.
그 학생들은 수돗물 없는 가건물에서 불편한 생활을 하고 있다.

the students loved to practice throwing their papers into the basket.
학생들은 종이를 바구니에 넣는 것을 즐겨 했다.

the students started a movement to have their principal remain in office.
학생들은 교장의 유임 운동을 시작했다.

the students narrate their films in english.
학생들은 영어로 해설을 합니다.

the books from the bookcase fell down with a run.
그 책꽂이의 책들은 와르르 쏟아졌다.

the books are arranged alphabetically on the shelves.
책이 책꽂이에 알파벳 순서대로 꽂혀 있다.

the need to harmonize tax levels across the european union.
유럽 연합 전역의 세금 수준을 비슷하게 만들 필요성.

the gift of ten dollars astonished the little boy.
10달러를 주자 꼬마 소년은 놀랐다.

the gift of ten dollars astonished the tot.
10달러를 주자 꼬마는 놀랐다.

the accident is being blamed on bad weather.
이 사고의 원인은 악천후 때문으로 여겨지고 있습니다.

the accident , it was finally determined , was caused by human error.
최종적으로 그 사건은 사람의 실수로 야기된 것이라고 결론내려졌다.

the accident has most significantly impaired several of her cognitive functions.
그 사고는 그녀의 몇몇 인지 기능을 무엇보다도 중대하게 손상했다.

the accident left a dent in my car door.
그 사고로 내 차 문에 움푹 들어간 자국이 생겼다.

the seoul district court has requested the constitutional court to rule on the constitutionality of the regulation.
서울지방법원은 헌법재판소에 그 규정의 위헌 여부를 심사해 달라고 제청했다.

the movie is based on the first of a series of novels chronicling the life of the young british wizard.
이 영화는 영국인 꼬마 마법사의 삶을 그리고 있는 연작 소설 해리 포터 시리즈의 제1편을 토대로 만들어졌습니다.

the movie was awesome , was not it , sujin ?.
그 영화 아주 볼만했어 , 그렇지 않니 수진아 ?.

the movie was accused of cheapening human life.
그 영화는 인간 생명의 가치를 떨어뜨렸다는 비난을 받았다.

the movie " you have got mail " tells a saccharine story of love.
영화 유브 갓 메일은 지나치게 감상적인 사랑이야기다.

the movie stars hilary swank as a poor 30-year-old woman who trains to become a professional boxer.
힐러리 스왱크 주연의 이 영화는 프로 복서가 되기 위해 훈련하는 30세 여성의 야기를 그리고 있다.

the back of the house needs to be painted.
그 집 뒤쪽은 페인트칠을 해야 한다.

the major news media never released his name.
주요 언론 매체들은 그의 이름을 결코 공개하지 않았다.

the major theory of stoicism is represented by 'rationalism' and 'asceticism'.
스토아 철학의 주 이론은 '이성주의'와 '금욕주의'로 나타난다.

the major ingredient for glassmaking is silica.
유리제작에 사용되는 주요 재료는 규토다.

the show was mostly bravura with no real substance.
그 프로는 대체로 내용이 없이 화려하기만 했다.

the sport has long been associated with illegal wagers and unsavoury characters.
꼭 그들이 이길걸.

the idea of the wind singing is a romantic conceit.
바람이 노래한다는 생각은 낭만적인 비유이다.

the idea of new sanctuaries for whales is an anathema to japanese government.
새로운 고래의 성역을 만들자는 주장은 일본 정부에게는 저주였다.

the idea that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny is not strictly true.
개체발생은 계통발생을 되풀이한다는 개념은 엄밀히 말해 사실이 아니다.

the home of the future has indeed become a reality in south korea.
미래의 주택이 한국에서는 현실로 다가왔습니다.

the city of london set the sky alight after its selection as one of five finalists to host the 2012 summer games.
런던 시가 2012년 하계올림픽을 개최할 최종 다섯개 후보도시중 하나로 선정되자 하늘에 축포를 쏘아 올렸습니다.

the city was heavily bombed in the war.
그 도시는 전쟁 중에 심한 폭격을 당했다.

the city was crippled by the big snowstorm.
심한 눈보라로 도시가 마비되었다.

the city turned into a battlefield.
도시는 전쟁터로 변했다.

the project is designed to generate around 30 megawatts of power for the national grid.
새 발전소는 가장 성능이 뛰어난 배기 가스 제어 기술을 갖추게 될 것이며 최대 750메가와트의 전기를 생산할 것이다.

the project is due to commence by october 2007.
그 프로젝트는 2007년 10월에 시작하기로 예정되어 있다.

the project would provide new impetus to a languishing rd program of south korea.
그 사업은 한국의 부진한 연구개발 계획에 새로운 활력을 불어넣을 것이다.

the project was criticized as having lofty but unrealistic goals.
이 프로젝트는 목표는 원대하지만 비현실적이라는 비난을 받았다.

the eating disorder bulimia is found almost exclusively among young women.
섭식장애인 다식증은 주로 젊은 여성들 사이에서 발견된다.

the truth is the man is a zookeeper named paul kybett , and he is cleaning the pygmy hippopotamus nicky's teeth with a 1.5-meter toothbrush !.
사실 이 남자는 폴 키베트라는 사육사고 그는 1.5미터짜리 칫솔로 리베리아산 난쟁이 하마 니키의 이를 닦아주고 있는 거예요 !.

the rest of my career is dedicated to talking to these guys , so i guess you could call me dr. dolittle now.
주업무 이외의 나머지 시간은 이 녀석들과 이야기하는 데 할애하지요. 그러니까 절 두리틀 박사라고 보시면 될 것 같네요.

the plan was a complete failure.
그 계획은 전혀 실패였다.

the plan started off with a bang but ended with a whimper.
그 계획은 용두사미로 끝났다.

the call of the sea / your homeland.
바다/고국의 매력.

the love of truth is appreciable , but sometimes we should also ask " cui bono ".
진실에 대한 애정은 평가할만하다. 그러나 종종 우리는 그것으로 인해 누가 이익을 보았는지 생각해봐야한다.

the computer was configured by the following template.analysis was not performed.
다음 템플릿으로 컴퓨터를 구성했습니다.분석을 실행하지 않았습니다.

the computer program searches , and bingo ! we have got a match.
컴퓨터 프로그램이 검색을 하는데 빙고 ! 딱 들어맞는 게 나오는 거지.

the computer sorts the words into alphabetical order.
컴퓨터가 그 단어들을 알파벳순으로 분류한다.

the birthday brunch party for staff members who were born in december will be held next monday , december 3.
12월에 생일을 맞는 사원들을 위한 늦은 조찬이 다음 주 월요일인 12월 3일에 있을 예정입니다.

the two are quite unlike by a long way.
두 사람은 판이하다.

the two are distinct , but equally important.
그 두가지는 분명히 구분되나 둘다 중요하다.

the two children are of even height.
두 아이는 키가 똑같다.

the two best in the league both believe there can only be one champ.
리그 최고인 이 두 선수는 모두 챔피언은 단지 한 명뿐이라는 것을 알고 있습니다.

the two political rivals detest each other.
그 두 정적은 서로 몹시 싫어한다.

the two nations have distrusted each other for years.
두 나라는 여러 해 동안 서로 불신해 왔다.

the two girls embraced each other and wept.
두 소녀는 서로 부둥켜안고 울었다.

the two groups will meet next week to try to defuse the crisis.
그 두 그룹은 다음 주에 만나 위기를 해소하기로 했다.

the two groups had lived in perfect amity for many years before the recent troubles.
두 집단은 최근의 문제가 발생하기 전까지 수년간 친하게 지냈다.

the two lovers sat in the cinema exchanging sweet nothings.
두 연인들은 달콤한 사랑의 말을 나누며 영화관 안에 앉아 있었다.

the two events were more or less contemporaneous , with only months between them.
이 두 사건은 단지 몇 개월이라는 시간차만 있을 뿐 대체로 비슷한 시기에 일어났다.

the two politicians are on a collision course over raising taxes.
두 정치인은 세금 인상 문제에 있어서 의견을 달리하고 있다.

the two koreas have reached tentative agreement that kim jong il reciprocate the visit to seoul.
남북한 양측은 김정일이 서울을 답방한다는 잠정적인 합의를 했다.

the two koreas broadcast their final loudspeaker messages across the demilitarized zone.
남북한은 비무장지대 너머로 마지막 확성기 선전방송을 내보냈습니다.

the two teams are competing for the championship.
두 팀이 우승을 다투고 있다.

the two princes will visit lesotho and the republic of south africa.
두 왕자는 레스토와 남아프리카 공화국을 방문할 예정입니다.

the two complement each other as well.
서로의 인생에서 없어서는 안 될 사람이라는 것은 둘 다 마찬가지다.

the two armies contended for possession of the fort.
두 군대는 요새를 차지하기 위해 전투를 했다.

the two statesmen shook hands cordially in front of the cameras.
두 정치인은 카메라 앞에서 성심을 다해 악수했다.

the two hillbillys are obviously brothers.
두 촌뜨기들은 아무리 보아도 형제들이다.

the two spaceships effected a successful rendezvous in space.
그 두 우주선은 우주에서 랑데부에 성공했다.

the park that encloses the monument has recently been enlarged.
그 기념물을 에워싸고 있는 공원은 최근에 확장되었다.

the actor set the table in a roar.
연기자가 좌중을 웃음바다로 만들었다.

the actor forgot his lines , and that mistake humiliated him.
그 배우는 대사를 잊어버리는 실수를 했고 그래서 굴욕감을 느꼈다.

the clerk was in a hurry and struck over.
사무원은 급한 나머지 겹쳐서 타자를 쳤다.

the good weather was in stark contrast to the storms of previous weeks.
그 좋은 날씨는 그 이전 몇 주 동안의 폭풍우와 극명한 대조를 보였다.

the long holiday weekend is upon us.
긴주말 연휴가 다가오고 있습니다.

the long speech shortened in a nutshell.
그 긴 연설은 극히 간결하게 요약되었다.

the long march had callused his feet.
오랜 행군으로 그의 발에는 굳은살이 박혔다.

the long march has quite exhausted the troops.
긴 행군으로 군대는 기진맥진했다.

the school is now providing a service to counsel students with drug problems.
그 학교는 이제 마약 문제가 있는 학생들을 상담하는 서비스를 제공하고 있다.

the school no longer appertains to be a faith school.
그녀는 회장실에 속한 특권을 누렸다.

the school year is divided into three trimesters.
학교의 1년은 3 학기로 나눠져 있다.

the school was commended because of its efficient and unbiased administration of government grants and other financial aid.
그 학교는 정부 보조금과 기타 재정 지원금의 효율적이고 공정한 운용으로 추천받았다.

the school board's refusal to adopt statewide mathematics standards is being criticized in many circles.
교육위원회가 주 전체의 수학 표준을 채택하는 것을 거절하자 각계에서 비난을 하고 있다.

the best way to defend is to attack. or offense is the best defense.
공격이 최선의 방어다.

the best way to protect yourself from rip currents is to avoid them.
격랑으로부터 당신자신을 보호하는 가장 좋은 방법은 그것들을 피하는 것이다.

the family is the nucleus of the community in korea.
한국에서는 가족이 사회의 중심이다.

the family is out for a ride in a rowboat.
일가족이 야외로 나와 노 젓는 배를 타고 있다.

the family is society in miniature.
가정은 사회의 축소다.

the family are coping as well as can be expected.
그 가족은 기대한 만큼 잘 대처하고 있다.

the cool and fun list n.b.
멋지고 재미있는 목록 n.b.

the life of any hit product will come to an end someday.
인기 제품도 언젠가는 그 수명이 다하게 되어 있다.

the big names left , the fans seeped away.
유명세가 떠나가면 팬들은 떠나간다.

the big brother may be monitoring your internet access.
독재자가 당신이 무슨 사이트를 보는지 지켜보고 있을지도 모릅니다.

the big cats have beautiful striped and spotted fur.
큰 고양이들은 아름다운 줄무늬와 점박이 털을 지니고 이다.

the body of a penguin is covered in short thick waterproof feathers.
펭귄의 몸은 짧고 두꺼운 방수 깃털로 덮여있다.

the body had to be kept in its original condition , or mummified.
시신은 원래의 상태로 보존되거나 혹은 미이라로 만들어져야 했다.

the body was mangled beyond recognition.
시체는 난도질을 해 놓아서 분간할 수 없었다.

the body was cremated in accordance with the wishes of the deceased.
고인의 뜻에 따라 시신은 화장되었다.

the body floated to the surface of the water.
시체가 물 위로 떠올랐다.

the body shop's profits fell sharply last year.
바디샵의 이윤은 지난해 급감했습니다.

the second exhibition hall introduces modern sculpture through the work of choi man-lin.
제 2 전시실은 조각가 최만린의 작품을 통해 현대 조각에 대해 소개한다.

the second lecture will feature marc kendall , a professor from kyoto university.
제 2회 강연의 초청 연사는 교토대학의 마크 켄달 교수입니다.

the second important figure , professor fazlur rahman was from pakistan originally.
두번째 중요한 학자인 파즈루르 라만 교수는 원래 파키스탄 출신입니다.

the second element was the syncopated rhythmic patterns of african-influenced latin american music.
두 번째 요소는 아프리카계 라틴 아메리카의 당김음조의 리듬의 패턴이다.

the right to peaceful demo is a legitimate civil right in democratic societies.
평화적인 시위를 할 수 있는 권리는 민주주의 사회에서 정당한 시민의 권리이다.

the right way to restructure the coastal fishing to boost national competitiveness since ur.
ur이후 국제경쟁력 제고를 위한 연근해어업 구조조정방향.

the right ventricle contracts a little bit before the left ventricle does.
우심실은 좌심실보다 조금 먼저 수축한다.

the business went downhill after the chairman died.
회장이 죽고나자 사업은 악화되었다.

the business quickly repaid the initial outlay on advertising.
그 사업에서는 광고에 들인 초기 경비가 곧 회수되었다.

the lawyer took up the cudgels the witness.
변호사는 증인을 강력히 변호하였다.

the lawyer argued that the evidence had been tampered with.
변호사는 증거가 변조됐다고 주장했다.

the lawyer dissected the story told by the witness.
변호사는 증인이 한 이야기를 자세히 조사했다.

the question boils down to this. or boiled down , it simply comes to this.
그 문제는 결국 이런 결론이 된다.

the question of the appropriate methods of regulation and supervision appeared less clear cut.
규제와 감독에 대한 적절한 방법이 무엇인지에 대한 논의는 덜 명확한 것으로 보였다.

the use of such fillers distracts the audience from listening to the content of your speech and can make your delivery seem repetitious and simplistic.
이러한 공백의 사용은 청중들이 연설의 내용을 듣는 것으로부터 주의를 흐트러뜨리고 여러분의 전달을 반복적이고 단순한 것으로 전락시킬 수 있다.

the use of cocaine is seriously addicting.
코카인의 사용은 심각하게 중독적이다.

the use of rhetorical devices such as metaphor and irony.
은유와 반어 같은 수사학 장치의 사용.

the straight and narrow way is worthy of praise.
정직한 생활은 칭찬 받을 만하다.

the cat is a mixture of persian and siamese and has one brown eye and one blue.
이 고양이는 페르시안과 샴의 혼합으로 한쪽은 갈색 , 또 다른 한쪽은 파랑색의 눈을 가지고 있다.

the cat is next to the sofa.
고양이가 소파 옆에 있다.

the cat with no mouth and a zen-like stare is now one of japan's biggest exports to the world.
입이 없고 명상하는 듯한 눈빛의 이 고양이는 이제 일본 최고 수출품 중의 하나입니다.

the cat was already walking up the driveway when he approached his home.
그가 집에 도착했을 때 이미 그 고양이는 차고 앞 길을 올라가고 있었다.

the cat held the rat at bay.
그 고양이는 그 생쥐를 몰아넣고 놓치지 않았다.

the cloud and windy weather will continue.
구름 끼고 바람 부는 날씨가 계속되겠습니다.

the deep dispersal and pollination activities of fruit and nectar -eating bats are vital to the survival of rain forests.
큰박쥐와 곤충 먹는 박쥐의 깊은 곳까지 닿는 산포와 수분작용은 열대우림의 생존에 있어서 필수적인 것이다.

the deep orange-yellow color of sweet potatoes tells you that they are high in beta-carotene , which helps reduce inflammation such as asthma and rheumatoid arthritis.
고구마의 짙은 오렌지 빛 노란색은 그 안에 천식이나 류머티스 성 관절염 같은 염증을 줄여주는 베타 케로틴이 많다는 것을 의미한다.

the blue skies were clouded only by the smoke rising from a scrapyard fire.
폐품처리장의 불로 인해 생겨난 연기에 의해 파란 하늘이 덮였다.

the sky is high in autumn.
가을에는 하늘이 높다.

the sky is hazy with dust.
먼지로 하늘이 뿌옇다.

the sky is cloudless.
하늘에 구름 한 점 없어요.

the sky is cloudless.
하늘에 구름한 점 없습니다.

the sky was suffused with golden sunbeam.
하늘엔 황금빛 햇살이 가득 차 있었다.

the sky began to lighten in the east.
동녘 하늘이 밝아 오기 시작했다.

the sky began to darken as the storm approached.
폭풍이 다가오자 하늘이 어두워지기 시작했다.

the sea was glittering in all the colors of the rainbow in the twilight.
바다는 황혼 속에서 온갖 빛깔로 반짝였다.

the sea turtle is an endangered species.
바다거북은 멸종 위기에 처한 종이다.

the area is valued for its vineyards.
그 지역은 포도밭들 때문에 가치 있게 여겨진다.

the area of strongest flow and deepest scouring of the river bed is called the thalweg.
더 강한 흐름의 지역 그리고 강바닥의 패인 웅덩이는 요선이라고 불립니다.

the area of sociology is tremendously broad and far-reaching.
사회학의 분야는 굉장히 넓고 멀리까지 나아간다.

the area was a hotbed of crime.
그 지역은 범죄의 온상이었다.

the area was struck by an outbreak of cholera.
콜레라가 발발하여 그 지역을 덮쳤다.

the area was hit with sudden and unexpected downpours.
그 지역에 게릴라성 폭우가 쏟아졌다.

the area was colonized by the vikings.
그 지역은 바이킹의 식민지가 되었다.

the diving is very dangerous for a beginner.
초보자에게 잠수는 매우 위험하다.

the wind stemmed the tide of the ship.
그 바람은 배의 흐름을 저지하였다.

the wind brought down the trees.
바람에 나무가 쓰러졌다.

the wind blew more and more violently.
바람은 더욱 더 세차게 불었다.

the wind blows southerly.
남풍이 분다.

the wind shifted to the south.
바람이 남쪽으로 도섰다.

the wind whistled around the house.
바람이 집 주위에 씽씽 불었다.

the main part of the brain is divided into the left and right cerebral hemispheres.
뇌의 주요 부분은 좌뇌와 우뇌로 나뉘어 있다.

the main items on our publication list are books for children.
저희는 주로 아동서를 펴내고 있습니다.

the main manufacturer of the seats has warned parents never to leave a child alone in the tub and not to use seats on nonskid surfaces , where the suction cups do not hold well.
유아용 목욕 의자의 주요 제조업체들은 부모들에게 절대로 아이를 욕조에 혼자 남겨두지 말 것과 표면이 고르지 않아서 흡착기가 잘 붙지 않 는 욕조에서는 이 의자를 절대 사용하지 말라고 경고하고 있습니다.

the main theme of that movie is revenge.
그 영화의 주된 내용은 복수다.

the main thrust of my argument was about the need for reform.
내 논지의 핵심은 개혁에 관한 것이었다.

the main building's most outstanding architectural feature is its vaulted cathedral ceiling.
본관 건물에서 가장 눈에 띄는 건축 양식은 골조가 드러나 있는 아치형 천장입니다.

the dress falls nicely and has a beautiful silhouette.
선이 부드럽게 내려오고 실루엣이 아름다운데요.

the dress soaked up the water.
옷이 물을 흡수했다.

the spanish conquered the new world in the sixteenth century.
스페인 사람들은 16세기에 아메리카 대륙을 정복했다.

the soldiers and their team came under assault friday at a checkpoint south of baghdad in yusufiyah.
실종된 미군들과 소속 부대는 지난 금요일 바그다드 남부 유수피야 검문소에서 공격을 받았습니다.

the soldiers were detached to guard the visiting prince.
내방한 왕자를 경호하기 위해 병사들이 파견되었다.

the soldiers were hemmed in on all sides.
병사들은 완전히 포위되어있었다.

the soldiers fired cannons to protect their country.
군인들은 나라를 지키기 위해서 대포를 쐈다.

the soldiers escaped by the skin of their teeth.
병사들은 구사일생으로 탈출했다.

the soldiers carried ammunition boxes up the hill.
병사들은 탄약 상자를 언덕 위로 옮겼다.

the soldiers resisted for two days.
병사들은 이틀 동안 항쟁했다.

the end came swiftly ? and , miraculously in a country saturated with weapons , with a minimum of violence.
무기로 가득찬 , 그러나 최소한의 사상자를 낸 이 나라에서 끝은 신속하게 그리고 기적적으로 다가왔다.

the workers are standing next to a steel beam.
인부들이 철재 옆에 서 있다.

the workers are unloading the truck.
인부들이 트럭에서 짐을 내리고 있다.

the workers are billing the materials to a credit card.
일꾼들이 자재를 신용 카드로 계산하고 있다.

the workers are disassembling the scaffolding.
일꾼들이 작업대를 분해하고 있다.

the last and final criterion is the music.
마지막의 기준은 음악이다.

the last two things are vinegar and honey.
마지막으로 소개할 두 가지는 식초와 꿀입니다.

the last government treated local authorities as though they were in the doghouse.
과거 정부는 지방 정부 당국들을 (애들을 다루듯이) 아주 무시하는 것처럼 취급했다.

the last few weeks have been a real roller coaster.
지난 몇 주 동안에는 정말 정신없이 급격한 변화들이 있었다.

the last person to survive is the winner.
맨 마지막까지 남는 사람이 승자입니다.

the last chapter is a summation of the story.
마지막 장은 이야기의 요약이다.

the last edition of the much lamented newspaper.
너무나 아쉬운 그 신문의 마지막 판.

the last remark needs to be amplified.
마지막 발언은 부연 설명이 필요합니다.

the last paragraph in the last section of the report is unsatisfactory.
보고서의 마지막 단락의 마지막 문단은 만족스럽지 못하다.

the last vestiges of the old colonial regime.
옛 식민지 통치의 마지막 흔적.

the full extent of the site is not yet known , but it appears to be an aztec ceremonial temple , at least one thousand years old.
그 터의 전체 규모는 아직 알려지지 않았으나 , 아즈텍 의식을 올렸던 사원 자리로 최소한1천년 이상 된 것으로 보입니다.

the site was first excavated by legendary explorer and archeologist thor heyerdahl , of kon-tiki fame.
이 유적지는 콘티키로 유명한 전설적인 탐험가이자 고고학자 토르 헤위에르달에 의해서 발굴되었습니다.

the least globalized in terms of economy were countries like benin , niger and the bahamas.
경제 세계화지수에 있어서 가장 낮은 점수를 받은 국가는 배닌 , 나이즈 (니제르) 및 바하마제도 등입니다.

the one with the striped t-shirt ?.
줄무늬 티셔츠를 입고 있는 사람이 그사람이야 ?.

the one leads to the highest peaks of art , the other to its lowest depths. (johann wolfgang von goethe).
진실하며 권위 있는 예술가는 예술의 진실성을 찾기 위해 부단히 노력한다. 반면 , 본능에 의지하는 무법상태의 예술가는 자연스러움만을 좇.

the one leads to the highest peaks of art , the other to its lowest depths. (johann wolfgang von goethe).
는다. 전자는 예술의 정점에 이르며 , 후자는 바닥으로 떨어지기 마련이다. (요한 볼프강 폰 괴테 , 예술명언).

the old man was dressed in an assortment of non-matching clothes.
그 노인은 잘 어울리지 않는 옷만 모아 입고 있었다.

the old man departed in his sleep last night.
그 할아버지는 어젯밤 주무시다가 돌아가셨어요.

the old palace is still in being.
그 고궁은 아직 존재한다.

the old man's eyes traveled over the plain.
노인의 눈은 벌판을 죽 바라다 보았다.

the old chest has antique beauty to it.
그 오래된 장롱은 예스러운 멋이 있다.

the lake is about fourteen miles in circumference.
그 호수는 주위가 약 14마일 된다.

the islands have been a problem for the three countries declaring sovereignty over them.
그 군도는 각기 영유권을 주장하는 3국 사이의 현안이 되어 왔다.

the 20 , 000 megawatts of electricity from the dams will help feed china's growing energy needs.
이들 댐에서 얻는 2만 메가와트의 전기는 중국의 높아가는 에너지 수요를 충족시키는데 도움이 될 것입니다.

the treatment of appendicitis is surgical removal of the appendix (appendectomy) , which can be done either as an open technique or with the aid of a camera in the abdominal cavity (laparoscopic appendectomy).
맹장염 치료는 충수를 수술로 제거하는 것인데 , 수술은 개복 기술이나 또는 복막에 카메라를 넣어서(복강 충수절제) 행할 수 있습니다.

the thought did not disturb her unduly.
그 생각이 그녀를 지나치게 괴롭히지는 않았다.

the effect is to preserve geographical inequities.
이러한 결과는 지역불균형을 고착시킬 뿐이다.

the effect is similar to using amphetamines.
그 효과는 각성제를 사용한것과 비슷하다.

the effect of the anesthetic will wear off in an hour.
한 시간 후면 마취가 풀린다.

the effect of much heavy lens is the ominous red eyes.
렌즈가 너무 두꺼우면 눈이 많이 충혈된다.

the effect of thermal annealing and growth of cugase2 single crystal thin film for solar cell application.
태양전지용 cugase2 단결정 박막 성장과 열처리 효과.

the effect of recycled coarse aggregate replacement l.
순환굵은골재 치환율에 따른 콘크리트와 철근의 부착거동.

the effect of pleasantly designed interior environment on human behavior.
시설주거 공동식당 공간의 쾌적성 변화가 아동들의 행위에 미치는 영향.

the effect of endurance training in three different climatic conditions on immune cells.
세가지 다른 기후조건에서의 지구성 트레이닝이 면역세포에 미치는 효과.

the effect of 8-weeks combined training on serum leptin , growth hormone , insulin , and cholesterol in middle school boys.
8 주간의 복합트레이닝이 남자 중학생들의 혈청 렙틴 , 성장호르몬 , 인슐린 및 콜레스테롤에 미치는 영향.

the korea food and drug administration (kfda) reported on april 13 that a majority of vitamin c drinks sold in korea were found to contain benzene --- a known carcinogen.
식품의약안전청에서는 4월 13일 한국에서 팔리고 있는 대부분의 비타민 c 음료수에 발암물질로 잘 알려진 벤젠을 포함하고 있는 것으로 발표했습니다.

the evaluation of the simultaneous flow rate for sizing the water supply piping in the office building.
사무소 건물의 급수배관경 산정을 위한 동시사용유량에 관한 연구.

the performance of heat storage in an accumulator using two kinds of phase change materials.
2종 잠열 축열재를 사용하는 축열장치의 열저장성능.

the performance was met with boos and hisses.
그 공연에는 쉭쉭 하는 야유가 따랐다.

the performance analysis and on-site performance test of a dedicated outdoor air system.
외기 전용 공조기의 성능 분석 및 현장 성능시험.

the little boy is really shrewd.
그 꼬마는 정말 맹랑하다.

the little boy denied the accusation that he broke the light.
그 어린이는 자신이 전등을 깼다는 죄명을 부인했다.

the little boy whispered to me on my nose.
내 코에 맞대고 어린 소년이 속삭였다.

the little girl is mr. brown's daughter.
그 여자 아이는 brown씨의 딸입니다.

the little girl wept on her face.
어린 소녀는 엎드려서 흐느꼈다.

the little girl cuddled up her father.
그 소녀는 아빠를 꼭 안았다.

the little mermaid comb off her hair.
인어공주는 그녀의 머리를 빗어 내렸다.

the u.s. is pushing airlines and foreign governments to bolster security , including neighboring mexico and canada , france and others.
미국 정부는 항공사들과 주변국인 멕시코 , 캐나다와 프랑스 및 기타 외국 정부들에게 보안을 강화해 줄 것을 강력하게 촉구하고 있습니다.

the u.s. government , i think , was very keen to tie azerbaijan and georgia into turkey and into the whole western sphere of influence.
미국 정부는 아제르바이잔과 그루지야를 터키와 연결시켜 결국 (이 지역 원유를) 서방의 영향권 안으로 끌어들이려고 잔뜩 벼르고 있었던 거죠.

the u.s. economy includes variety of industries ranging from agriculture , forestry , and fishing to aerospace manufacturing.
미국 경제는 농업 , 임업 및 수산업에서부터 항공 우주 산업에 이르는 다양한 산업으로 구성되어 있다.

the u.s. military says two american soldiers were killed today (thursday) by a roadside bomb in the capital.
미군은 바그다드에서 미군 2명이 오늘 목요일 길가 폭탄 폭발로 사망했다고 발표했습니다.

the u.s. military says two american soldiers were killed today (thursday) by a roadside bomb in bagdad.
바그다드에서 도로변에 장착된 폭탄폭발로 오늘 목요일 미군병사 두 명이 숨졌습니다.

the u.s. records a trade deficit.
미국은 무역 적자를 기록한다.

the government is being widely criticized for its failure to confide air pollution.
대기 오염을 제한하지 못한 것으로 인해 정부가 크게 비판받고 있는 중이다.

the government is building second-rate housing.
정부는 평범한 주택을 짓고 있다.

the government is trying to break the bottleneck of production.
정부는 생산의 애로를 타개하고자 하고 있다.

the government is bringing in stricter laws to deter drunken drivers.
정부는 음주운전자들을 근절시키기 위한 보다 강력한 법안을 제출할 예정이다.

the government is facing an angry backlash from voters over the new tax.
그 새로 생긴 세금 때문에 정부가 유권자들의 심한 반발에 직면해 있다.

the government took this case as an act of provocation.
정부는 이번 사건을 도발 행위로 간주했다.

the government will have to tread very carefully in handling this issue.
정부가 이 문제를 다룰 때에는 대단히 신중을 기해야 할 것이다.

the government of korea is ready at any time to negotiate a new agreement.
한국 정부는 언제라도 새 협정에 대한 교섭을 할 용의가 있다.

the government should restrict the sale and use of guns by establishing a gun control law.
정부는 총기규제법을 제정해서 총기의 판매와 사용을 제한해야 한다.

the government and the people need to work together in unanimity to overcome the crisis.
정부와 국민이 일치단결하여 어려움을 극복해야 한다.

the government made the decision to send troops to iraq.
정부는 이라크에 부대를 파병하기로 결정했다.

the government must increase the pace of reforms to avoid further bloodshed.
정부는 더 이상의 유혈을 피하기 위해 개혁의 속도를 높이지 않으면 안 된다.

the government must resist the siren voices calling for tax cuts.
정부는 감세를 요구하는 사이렌의 목소리에 저항해야만 한다.

the government has decided to tighten up its immigration policy.
정부는 이민 정책을 엄하게 하기로 결정했다.

the government has put ten pence on the price of twenty cigarettes.
정부가 담배 20개피 값에 (세금) 10 펜스를 부과해 놓았다.

the government has committed billions toward defraying the costs of the war.
영화가 개봉되기전부터 미리 영화 관련 상품들을 판매하고 홍보 지원도 받아 리스크를 어느 정도 덜었습니다.

the government has banned the export of lumber.
정부는 목재 수출을 금지했다.

the government has reiterated its refusal to compromise with terrorists.
정부는 테러리스트들과의 협상 거부를 되풀이했다.

the government stepped into mediation when the strike dragged out for too long.
파업이 장기화되자 정부가 조정에 나섰다.

the government issued an evacuation order to the residents.
정부는 주민에게 피난 명령을 내렸다.

the government failed to keep prices down.
정부는 물가를 잡는 데 실패했다.

the government imposed a windfall tax on some industries.
정부가 일부 산업 분야에 대해서는 초과 이윤세를 부과했다.

the government proclaimed an all-out war against speculative forces.
정부는 부동산 투기 세력에 대해 전면전을 선포했다.

the government fears that talking to terrorists might legitimize their violent actions.
정부는 테러리스트들과의 대화가 그들의 폭력적 행위를 정당화하는 것으로 비추어질까봐 두려워한다.

the tie is slightly askew to the right.
넥타이가 오른쪽으로 살짝 돌아갔다.

the whole of my back was a blister afterwards.
내 등 전체가 결국엔 물집이 잡혔다.

the whole room was in utter disorder.
방안이 엉망이었다.

the whole nation were rejoiced to hear the news.
그 소식을 듣고 온 국민이 환호했다.

the whole nation supported the government policy.
거국적으로 정부의 정책을 지지했다.

the whole structure was originally made of pentelic marble.
전체의 구조는 원래 펜텔릭 대리석으로 만들어졌다.

the whole argument rests on a false assumption.
그 모든 주장은 틀린 추정에 기초하고 있다.

the whole hill is covered with cherry blossoms.
벚꽃이 만산에 덮여 있다.

the whole village was impressed by his virtue.
온 마을이 그의 덕에 감복했다.

the whole village was submerged.
온 마을이 물에 잠겼다.

the whole tribe seem to have disappeared off the face of the earth.
그 부족은 이세상에 전혀 남아 있어 보이지 않는다.

the whole affair is still shrouded in secrecy.
그 모든 일이 아직도 비밀의 장막에 가려져 있다.

the western sky is ^aglow with the sunset.
서쪽 하늘은 저녁노을로 붉게 물들었다.

the western sky was beautifully colored by the setting sun.
서쪽 하늘이 석양에 아름답게 물들고 있었다.

the influence of the weld defect on tensile capacity subjected to static loading.
정적하중을 받는 용접결함부가 인장내력에 미치는 영향.

the officials say the sunday assault happened near north waziristan's main town of miran shah.
이들 관계관은 이 공격이 일요일 북와지리스탄의 주요 마을인 미란 샤 부근에서 발생했다고 전했습니다.

the officials were also accused of trying to send the families away to inner mongolia to stop them from talking to the media.
이들은 또 광부들의 가족들이 언론에 사고 소식을 알리지 못하도록 내몽고로 보내려 한 혐의도 받고 있습니다.

the island of jamaica is a tempting tapestry of cool mountains , lush jungles , dramatic waterfalls and vibrant tropical gardens all surrounded by a fringe of beaches along the deep blue sea.
자메이카 섬은 멋진 산과 울창한 열대림 , 웅장한 폭포와 강렬한 색상의 열대정원이 아름다운 융단처럼 펼쳐져 있으며 , 더욱이 이 모든 것이 깊푸른 바다를 품은 해변으로 둘러싸여 있습니다.

the island economic review continues to win fans both at home and abroad.
아일랜드 이코노믹 리뷰지는 국내외 열성적인 독자들의 호응을 계속 얻고 있다.

the province is heavily forested and sparsely populated.
그 지방은 삼림이 울창하게 우거져 있고 인구분포도는 낮다.

the only way out is to undergo years of therapy.
유일한 탈출구는 수년의 치료를 받는 것이다.

the only dance i know is the hokey-pokey.
내가 아는 유일한 춤은 호키포키뿐이야.

the only thing that can scratch diamond is another diamond.
다이아몬드에 흠집을 낼 수 있는 것은 또 다른 다이아몬드 뿐이다.

the only sound was the soft tick of the clock.
유일하게 들리는 소리는 째깍째깍 하는 약한 시계 소리였다.

the only significant intermolecular force in alkanes are the van der waals interaction.
알칸에서의 분자 간 힘은 반 데르 발스 힘 뿐이다.

the only rooms left are some twins and suites.
지금 2인실과 스위트 룸 몇 개밖에 안 남았습니다.

the only drawback to this project is that it will cost too much.
이 계획의 유일한 난점은 비용이 너무 많이 든다는 것이다.

the women are having their pudding.
여자들이 푸딩을 먹고 있다.

the system will automatically compute each employee's hours for pay purposes.
이 시스템은 임금 지불을 위해 각 직원의 근무 시간을 자동으로 계산하게 됩니다.

the system of law was cruel and unjust.
그 법의 제도는 잔인하고 불공평했다.

the system makes them prepare for a society that value creative ideas.
이 시스템은 그들인 창조적인 생각을 중시하는 사회에 준비하도록 만든다.

the system exists nominally.
그 제도는 유명무실해졌다.

the flower is infested with aphids.
그 꽃에는 진딧물이 꾀어 있다.

the european union will impose an anti-dumping tax on all taiwanese cd player makers , a european commission official said thursday.
유럽연합은 타이완의 모든 cd플레이어 제조업체에 반덤핑관세를 부과할 것이라고 유럽위원회의 한 관리가 목요일 밝혔습니다.

the european union(eu) enforces a stricter guideline by curbing it to 1 ppb.
유럽연합에서는 1 ppb로 억제함으로써 더 엄격한 지침으로 시행하고 있습니다.

the exotic plants from the tropics are especially beautiful.
열대지방의 이국적인 식물들은 특히 아름답다.

the brazilian government has pledged to install free internet kiosks in post offices across the country.
브라질 정부는 무료 인터넷 키오스크를 전국의 우체국에 설치하겠다고 선언했다.

the fire in the house charred the walls and furniture.
집에 불이 나서 벽들과 가구들이 새까맣게 타버렸다.

the fire spread leeward.
불은 바람 부는 쪽으로 연소했다.

the fire stuck fast on the tower.
불이 탑에 옮겨 붙었다.

the fire brigade were there in minutes.
소방대가 몇 분 만에 거기로 왔다.

the fire marshal recommended that we put an additional smoke detector on the second floor.
소방서장은 우리에게 2층에 연기 탐지기를 추가로 하나 더 설치할 것을 권고했습니다.

the mountain tops were hidden beneath a veil of mist.
산꼭대기는 안개의 막 아래에 숨어 있었다.

the bank of korea (bok) said on november 28 that korea became a net debtor nation for the first time in eight years during the third-quarter.
한국은행에서 한국이 3분기 동안 8년 만에 처음으로 순 채무국이 되었다고 11월 28일에 말했습니다.

the bank of england yesterday announced measures to prop up the economy.
영국중앙은행은 어제 경제를 살릴 대안을 발표 하였다.

the bank of korea(bok) said on november 5 that kim gu was selected as the face to grace the country's new 100 , 000 won banknote , and shin saim-dang as the face of the new 50 , 000 won bill.
한국은행은 11월 5일 새로운 10만원권 지폐를 빛낼 인물로 김구가 선정되었고 새로운 5만원권 지폐의 인물로 신사임당이 선정되었다고 말했습니다.

the bank had assembled a panel of non-executive directors with enviable curricula vitae.
은행은 선망의 대상이 되는 이력을 가진 사외이사 자문단을 구성했다.

the bank president urged asian nations to include the poor in the development process.
은행총재는 아시아국가들에게 개발과정에 가난한 사람들도 포함시킬 것을 촉구했습니다.

the bank opens at nine o'clock.
은행은 아홉시에 열린다.

the bank opens at 9 : 30 a.m.
은행은 오전 9시 30분에 개점한다.

the bank teller gave me a crisp , new twenty-dollar bill.
은행 직원이 나에게 빳빳한 새 20달러짜리 지폐를 주었습니다.

the bank tellers are busy with customers.
은행 창구 직원들이 고객들로 인하여 분주하다.

the bank depreciates pcs over a period of five years.
은행에서는 5년을 주기로 개인용 컴퓨터의 가치를 절하시킨다.

the entire village was buried by a landslide.
토사 붕괴로 마을 전체가 흙더미에 파묻혔다.

the entire roomful of fandango dancers moved in perfect synchronization , just like in the movies.
방 안을 가득 채운 fandango 무용수 전원이 마치 영화에서처럼 완벽하게 동시에 움직였다.

the proposal was rejected by a vote of 30 to 22.
제안은 30대 22로 부결되었다.

the proposal comes amid rising anxiety about iran's suspected program to develop nuclear weapons.
이 같은 제안은 이란이 핵무기 개발 계획을 보유하고 있지 않나하는 우려가 증대되고 있는 가운데 나왔습니다.

the research on the condition of utilization and the structure of demand referenced to facilities for mentally retarded people.
정신박약아를 위한 시설의 이용실태 및 수요구조에 관한 연구.

the research suggests that coffee will not stunt growth.
연구결과에 의하면 커피가 성장을 방해하지 않는다.

the team is a serious contender for the title this year.
그 팀은 올해 선수권을 노리는 만만찮은 경쟁자이다.

the team is experiencing a mid-season wobble.
그 팀은 시즌 중반의 동요를 겪고 있다.

the team from leuven catholic university found the tomb by accident , which is one of the best preserved of its time , while searching a later burial site at the deir al-barsha necropolis near the nile valley town of minya , south of cairo.
러번 카톨릭 대학교 팀은 당대의 무덤 중 가장 보존이 잘된 그 무덤을 카이로 남단의 나일 강변의 마을 미냐 부근의 데이르 알바르샤 대규모 공동묘지에서 매장지를 찾다가 우연히 발견했다.

the team would have a tough time in the upcoming match.
다음 번 시합에서 그 팀은 고전을 면치 못할 것이다.

the team will collect and analyze water samples from wells in the area.
그 팀은 그 지역의 우물에서 물 샘플을 채취하여 분석할 것이다.

the team was beset by injury all season.
그 팀은 시즌 내내 부상에 시달렸다.

the team were not at their best conditions and to get the worst of it , they could not enter the worldcup.
그 팀은 최상의 컨디션이 아니었을 뿐더러 월드컵에 진출하지 못하는 최악의 상황까지 이르렀다.

the team has a terrific pitching staff.
그 팀은 막강한 투수진을 보유하고 있다.

the team went down in defeat again.
그 팀 또 져서 완전히 맛이 갔지.

the team announced its breakup because of low funds.
구단은 자금 사정을 이유로 팀의 해체를 선언했다.

the team failed to capitalize on their early lead.
그 팀은 초반의 주도권을 활용하지 못했다.

the team unleashed a fierce attack when the second half started.
그 팀은 후반전이 시작되자 매서운 공격을 퍼부었다.

the local people are very hospitable to strangers.
그 지역 사람들은 낯선 사람들에게 아주 친절하다.

the local market is already saturated with this medicine.
이 약에 대해 국내 시장은 이미 포화상태에 있다.

the local red cross is asking all able-bodied citizens to report to local shelters to help with the relief effort.
현지 적십자사는 신체 건장한 사람들이 인근 대피소로 가서 구호 활동을 지원해 줄 것을 호소하고 있습니다.

the appointment of a woman was one in the eye for male domination.
여성 임명은 남성 지배주의의 패배를 의미했다.

the trainer is getting with the program.
조교가 그 프로그램에 참여하고 있다.

the trainer has departed for a foreign nation.
훈련사가 외국으로 떠났다.

the vote stood at fifteen ayes and nine noes.
투표 결과 가표 15 , 부표 9였다.

the ayes have it. the motion was adopted.
찬성 수가 많으므로 동의안이 가결되었습니다.

the motion was in response to a request by blackwater to dismiss the case.
blackwater씨의 소송을 기각하기 위한 요구에 대해 재정신청 응답이 있었다.

the grand canyon is one of the natural wonders of the world.
그랜드캐년은 세계의 경이로운 자연 경관 가운데 하나이다.

the grand total is 5 million in the aggregate.
총계가 5백만이다.

the grand houses along the seafront.
해안 지구를 따라 서 있는 웅장한 저택들.

the share name " %1 " is invalid.
공유 이름 " %1 " 이(가) 올바르지 않습니다.

the share name %s is already being used. please enter a different share name.
%s 공유 이름이 이미 사용 중입니다. 다른 공유 이름을 입력하십시오.

the share price was chopped from 50 pence to 20 pence.
주가가 50펜스에서 20펜스로 반 토막 이상이 나 버린 상태였다.

the weapons had been made an acquisition by stealth.
그 무기는 비밀리에 획득한 것이었다.

the security law was established to repress leftist forces in the nation.
보안법은 국가에서 좌익세력을 억압하기 위해 제정되었다.

the forces of attraction and repulsion.
끌어당기는 힘과 밀어내는 힘.

the meeting was a triumph in one's success.
모임은 대성공이었다.

the meeting has been cancelled due to lack of a quorum.
정족수 미달로 회의가 무산되었다.

the meeting has been deferred until next week.
회의는 다음주까지 연기되었다.

the meeting adjourned when the fire alarm sounded.
화재 경보가 울리자 회의가 일시 중지되었다.

the top u.s. negotiator , wendy cutler was optimistic about reaching an agreement.
미국 협상 대표인 웬디 커틀러는 회담 마무리에 대해 낙관적이었다.

the top button of my overcoat came off.
외투의 맨 위 단추가 떨어졌다.

the snakes were moved to the pretoria zoo for safekeeping.
뱀들을 보호를 위해 프레토리아 동물원으로 이송됐어요.

the international corporation , cathay , is quite well known for the generous benefits that they provide for both their ft and pt employees.
국제적인 주식회사 캐세이는 정규 직원과 파트타임 직원들에게 후한 혜택을 주는 것으로 잘 알려져 있다.

the international whaling commission expects between 60 and 70 nations to have a right to vote when it convenes its 58th annual session in mid- june.
국제 포경위원회는 오는 6월 중순에 열리는 제 58차 연차 총회에서 60개국 에서 70개국 정도가 투표권을 가질 것으로 예상하고 있습니다.

the international nonprofit organization i.f.d.c. released the report at the rockefeller foundation in new york city last month.
국제 비영리 기구인 i.f.d.c는 지난 달 뉴욕 시의 록펠러 재단에서 이 보고서를 발표했습니다.

the iranian news agency has cited iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad as saying iran will not be pressured into renouncing its rights.
마무드 아마디네자드 대통령은 외부의 압력에 굴복해 권리를 포기하지 않을 것이라고 말했다고 이란 관영통신이 보도했습니다.

the supreme court came to naught the results of by-elections.
대법원은 보궐 선거 결과를 무효화했다.

the leader of the coup was sent into exile and the others imprisoned.
쿠데타 지도자는 유배되고 다른 사람들은 수감되었다.

the political situation was now relatively quiescent.
정치적 상황은 바야흐로 비교적 소강상태에 있었다.

the political dissidents were banished from the country.
반정부 인사들이 국외로 추방되었다.

the political machinations that brought him to power.
그와 반대로 그러한 책략들은 어디서든지 혐오시 된다.

the maximum accrual is 104 hours (13 normal workdays) per year.
최대 휴가 일수는 연간 104시간(13일)입니다.

the maximum accrual is 156 hours (19.5 normal workdays) per year.
최대 휴가 일수는 연간 156시간(19.5일)입니다.

the test became semiannual in 2007.
이 시험은 2007년부터 1년에 두 번 치러지게 되었다.

the times collects money by calling attention to the city's neediest cases.
뉴욕 타임즈지는 이 도시의 극빈자들에 대한 주의를 환기시킴으로써 모금을 하는데요.

the times newspaper and the bbc , britain's national broadcaster , questioned the realness of the image , mentioning differently-angled shadows.
타임즈 신문과 영국 공영 방송인 bbc는 , 다른 각도의 영상을 주면서 , 이미지의 사실성에 이의를 제기했습니다.

the organization of us forces on the korean peninsula and the relocation of yongsan garrison were the other main topic of the scm.
한반도 주둔 미군의 배치 문제나 용산 기지 이전 문제도 scm의 주요 논제였다.

the organization changed its cumbersome title to something easier to remember.
그 단체가 거추장스러운 명칭을 더 기억하기 쉬운 것으로 바꿨다.

the radio station was besieged with calls from angry listeners.
그 라디오 방송국으로 성난 청취자들의 전화가 빗발쳤다.

the part of a machine instruction that references data or a peripheral device.
데이터나 주변 장치를 참조하는 시스템 명령 부분이다.

the air is dilated by the heat.
공기는 열로 인해 팽창한다.

the interface of radio network-packet data service node in imt-2000.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

the plain drains into the lake.
이 들판의 물은 그 호수로 흘러든다.

the labor union is under the thumb of the firm.
노조는 완전히 회사의 손아귀에 있다.

the labor union vehemently opposed the new overtime rules.
노조는 새로운 잔업 규정에 격렬히 반대했다.

the war situation turned in our favor.
전세가 역전되어 우리에게 유리해졌다.

the war displaced the whole family.
전쟁으로 온 가족이 피난을 갔다.

the war criminals were executed by firing squad.
전범들은 총살형에 처해졌다.

the president is desirous of your presence at lunch this wednesday.
대통령은 귀하가 이번 수요일 오찬에 참석하기를 바랍니다.

the president usually traveled with the usual coterie of aides and reporters.
대통령은 보통 일반적인 수행원들과 기자들의 집단과 함께 여행한다.

the president was overthrown in a military coup.
그 대통령은 군사 쿠데타로 타도당했다.

the president made a speech of encouragement for a cheering crowd of students in the indonesian capital of jakarta.
인도네시아 수도 자카르타에서 대통령은 열광하는 학생들에게 격려 연설을 했습니다.

the president has the employees at his beck and call.
사장은 종업원들을 수족처럼 부린다.

the president has reported that thanks to the efforts of the secretary of state , the united states has signed a new trade agreement with mexico regarding a variety of nonferrous metals , to go into effect early next year.
대통령께서는 국무장관이 노력해 준 덕분에 미국과 멕시코가 각종 비철 금속에 관한 새 무역 협정에 서명했으며 , 이는 내년초부터 발효될 것 이라고 전했다.

the president stepped up to the podium.
대통령이 연단에 올라섰다.

the president placed her name in nomination for ministership.
대통령은 장관 자리에 그녀를 지명했다.

the president continues to bear the proud man's contumely as he makes his point.
그 대통령은 이야기 할 때마다 오만한 자의 불손한 태도를 계속 보였다.

the president bestowed a medal on a professor.
대통령이 한 교수에게 메달을 수여했다.

the power of the state bureaucracy.
국가 관료의 권력.

the power behind the throne is the one we are afraid of.
우리가 두려워하는 것은 막후 실력자이다.

the exhibition is interesting to both the enthusiast and the casual visitor.
그 전시회는 열성적인 팬이나 우연히 들른 방문객 모두에게 흥미롭다.

the exhibition is organized in collaboration with ikon gallery , birmingham.
이 전시회는 버밍햄의 이콘 갤러리와 협력하여 조직되었습니다.

the exhibition was an unprecedented success.
전시회는 전무후무한 성황을 이루었다.

the exhibition presents a summation of the artist's career.
그 전시회는 그 화가의 경력을 총체적으로 보여준다.

the space character before the slash in the path makes it invalid. please correct your entry.
경로의 슬래시 앞에 빈 공간을 둘 수 없습니다. 입력 내용을 수정하십시오.

the behavior of anchor connections of cold-formed steel roof truss.
경량형강 지붕트러스 앵커부의 거동.

the strong should protect the weak.
강자는 약한 자를 보호해야 한다.

the analysis of the sunshine condition of tower-type apartment houses.
탑상형 아파트 일조환경 분석.

the analysis of information system by the ecosystem.
이미 만들어진 교육정보체제(rp) 와 새로이 만들어가는 교육정보체제(mp) 비교분석.

the strength of capitalist markets lies in their ability to focus onscarce recources and insure that they are efficiently used.
자본주의 시장의 장점은 희귀 자원에 초점을 맞추어 그것이 반드시 효율적으로 사용되도록 하는 능력에 있다.

the strength and solidity of romanesque architecture.
로마네스크 건축 양식의 내구력과 견고성.

the weak country had to submit to a stronger country's yoke.
약한 나라는 더 강한 나라의 지배에 굴종해야 했다.

the economy is set to shrink by up to 3% this year.
경제는 올해 3% 까지 하락할 것이다.

the economy is bouncing back so personal consumption is up and consumers continue to drive their cars , keeping gas demand high.
경기가 회복세로 돌아서 개인 소비가 증가하고 소비자들이 계속 차를 몰고 다니고 있기 때문에 휘발유 수요가 계속 높다는 것입니다.

the economy of this area is very depressed.
경제적으로 이 지역은 매우 불황상태이다.

the graph based on the percentage of women in the u.s.
이 그래프는 미국 여성의 비율에 관한 것이다.

the earth's surface began to cool , and a true crust formed.
지구 표면은 식기 시작했고 진짜 지표면이 형성되었다.

the reason i hang out with the most supercilious girl in town is that i like the younger sister of hers who is quite nice to me.
내가 우리 동네에서 가장 거만한 소녀와 만나는 이유는 내게 잘해주는 그녀의 여동생을 좋아하기 때문이다.

the reason for their location is not known.
이러한 장소의 이유는 알려지지 않았다.

the reason for suspension coil spring failure is principally inadequate bearing at the ends.
현가장치 코일스프링의 결함 원인은 결국 주로 부정당한 베어링에 있다.

the architecture in the town center is a successful combination of old and new.
그 도심의 건축물은 옛것과 새것이 성공적으로 결합된 것이다.

the development of high speed wireless lan modem for the ultra high speed communications network.
초고속 정보통신망을 위한 고속 무선 lan 모뎀 개발.

the development of tools selecting tower crane and reviewing the safety.
타워크레인의 선정과 안정성검토 " tool " 개발.

the development of pick-up device and high performance actuating system in high speed optical disk drive.
고속 광 디스크 드라이브의 pick-up 장치 및 고 응답 구동계의 개발에 관한 연구.

the development direction of forestry policy in the period of local autonomy.
지방자치시대의 임정 발전방향.

the perfidy of older men in positions of authority is , in recent movies , virtually axiomatic.
최근 영화에서 보면 권위 있는 위치를 차지한 선배의 배반이 사실상 공식처럼 되어 있다.

the men are walking arm in arm.
남자들이 팔짱을 끼고 걸어가고 있다.

the men are pushing a trash can along the street.
남자들이 길을 따라 쓰레기통을 밀고 있다.

the men are lending the cart.
남자들이 손수레를 빌리고 있다.

the men are perched on shoe boxes.
남자들이 구두 상자 위에 앉아 있다.

the men are washing the truck.
남자들이 트럭을 세차하고 있다.

the men are swinging from the hook.
남자들이 갈고리에 대롱대롱 매달려 있다.

the men are upstanding members of the community.
남자들은 이 지역 사회의 존경받는 일원이다.

the recent talks were a milestone in the process of bringing about a stable peace on the korean peninsula.
이번 회담으로 한반도에 평화를 정착시키는 획기적인 전기가 마련되었다.

the recent personnel changes were shocking.
이번 인사이동은 파격적이었다.

the recent torrential rains caused huge losses of both life and property.
이번 호우로 엄청난 규모의 인명 피해와 재산 피해가 발생했다.

the recent by-election has been simply the repetition of the general election a year ago.
이번 보궐선거는 1년 전 총선의 재판에 불과했다.

the fact is that david cairns does not wish to be defrocked.
사실은 데이빗 캐언즈가 성직을 박탈당하기 원치 않았다는것이다.

the first of these claims is very dubious.
이 요구사항들 중 첫번째 항목은 굉장히 의심스럽다.

the first time i went overseas was on my honeymoon.
내가 처음 외국에 간 것은 신혼 여행때였다.

the first book of the chronicles ; 1 chronicles.
역대기 상.

the first two principles are legitimacy and representativeness.
처음 두개의원리는 합법성과 대표성이다.

the first question is a cinch.
첫 문제는 아주 쉽다.

the first thing you should do at a camp is to pitch a tent.
캠프장에서 제일 먼저 할 일은 텐트를 치는 것이다.

the first thing on the agenda is our poor sales results.
첫번째 의제는 부진한 판매실적입니다.

the first one is the beach jejudo.
첫 번째 사진은 제주도에 있는 해변입니다.

the first twenty people to register will receive hotel discount vouchers.
등록자 중 선착순 20분에게는 호텔 할인 쿠폰을 증정합니다.

the first method is simply a visual check.
첫번째 방법은 간단한 육안점검입니다.

the first item up for bid today is the trench coat worn by humphrey bogart in the 1942 classic , casablanca.
오늘의 첫번째 경매품은 1942년의 고전작 " 카사블랑카 " 에 등장했던 험프리 보가트가 입었던 바바리 코트입니다.

the first step is to register a domain name.
그 첫 번째 단계는 도메인명을 등록하는 것입니다.

the first gulf war also had the assent of the people.
첫 번째 걸프전 역시 국민들의 동의를 얻었다.

the first 45 minutes are frenetically paced ; the rest of the movie , about an hour fifteen , is enervating.
처음 45분은 부산하게 빠른속도로 진행되었고 , 영화의 나머지 약 1시간 15분 정도는 느슨한 속도로 진행되었다.

the first stretch is an overhead arm-pull.
첫 번째 스트레칭은 머리위로 팔 당기기입니다.

the first court-martial in the abu ghraib prison abuse scandal began today in fort hood , texas.
오늘 아부 그라이브 포로학대 사건에 대한 첫 군사재판이 텍사스 주 포트 후드에서 열렸습니다.

the first hymn is 14 , and 404 between prayer and the sermon , and after the sermon it will be 380.
첫 찬송가는 14번이고 , 기도와 설교 사이에는 404번 , 설교가 끝난 후에는 380번이 될 겁니다.

the first lizard is the monkey-tailed skink.
첫번째 도마뱀은 원숭이꼬리 도마뱀이다.

the first versions of os/2 were single-user operating systems written for 286s that were jointly developed by ibm and microsoft.
os/2의 첫 번째 버전은 ibm과 microsoft가 공동으로 개발한 286용의 단일 사용자 운영 체제였습니다.

the first solar-powered house in the south-west of england.
영국 남서부 지방 최초의 태양광 주택.

the first trimester of pregnancy.
임신 첫 3개월.

the policy will be detrimental to the peace process.
그 정책은 평화 정착 과정에 해가 될 것이다.

the medicine is undergoing clinical trials (on patients).
그 약은 임상 실험 중이다.

the true story of the island itself is very disinteresting.
이 섬에 관한 실제 스토리는 아주 재미없다.

the true sources of the recent events are the pent-up fury and hatred of 36 years of japanese occupation.
최근 사건들의 진짜 원인은 36년 동안 일본의 강점으로 축적된 분노와 증오이다.

the shear strength of headed stud connector in embedded steel column bases.
매립형 주각부의 스터드 코넥터 전단내력에 관한 연구.

the buckling analysis of frames by the application of the transfer matrix method.
전달매트릭스의 적용에 의한 골조의 좌굴해석.

the buckling analysis of stiffened plates with elastic end beams.
탄성보를 갖는 보강판의 좌굴해석.

the subject of a sentence and its verb must agree in number.
문장의 주어와 동사는 수가 일치해야 한다.

the subject of a sentence and its verb must agree in number.
while i was washing my hair에서는 동사가 미완료 시제로 되어 있다.

the subject of this book is teenage smoking.
이 책의 주제는 10대 흡연입니다.

the subject of whether to raise parking fees in the downtown core remains a contentious issue , dividing many of the council members.
시내 중심부의 주차 요금 인상에 대한 안건은 의회 의원들을 분열시키며 이론의 여지가 있는 채로 남아 있다.

the subject needs to be in bold relief.
주제는 뚜렷이 눈에 띄는 게 필요하다.

the natural lifespan of a pig is 10 to 12 years.
돼지의 수명은 10년에서 12년 정도다.

the tower is guarded during the summer.
여름에는 타워가 보호된다.

the tower does not assimilate with the landscape.
그 탑은 그곳의 풍경에 어울리지 않는다.

the effects of the residential mobility among the new town movers.
신도시 거주자의 주거이동 효과에 대한 분석.

the effects of urban highways on apartment price : in the case of sang-dong section of seoul beltway.
1122고속도로가 주변 아파트 가격에 미치는 영향.

the wall is on the brink of collapse.
담이 무너질락 말락 한다.

the wall was on the careen.
벽이 기울어졌다.

the wall has begun to crumble.
벽이 무너지기 시작했다.

the corporation axed 200 employees all at one time.
그 법인은 200 명의 노동자들을 한꺼번에 해고했다.

the branches swayed in the wind.
나뭇가지가 바람에 한들거렸다.

the boss told tom , " quit wasting time ! fish or cut bait !".
그 상사는 톰에게 " 시간 낭비는 말게. 할 것인지 아닌지 확실하게 해 !" 라고 말했다.

the boss fired him without warrant.
상사는 그를 정당한 이유도 없이 해고 시켰다.

the boss halved the budget for this year.
그 상사는 올해의 예산을 반감하였다.

the wood is held in position by a clamp.
그 목재는 죔쇠로 제 위치에 고정되어 있다.

the wood must not get damp as rot can quickly result.
나무는 빠르게 부식되는 결과가 생길 수 있으므로 습기가 차지 않게 해야 한다.

the phone book lists his abode as 400 east 45th street.
이 전화번호부에는 이스트 45번가에 사는 400여 명의 거주지가 실려있다.

the mad cow scare could have a crippling impact on the u.s. economy.
광우병 공포는 미국 경제를 뒤흔드는 타격을 입힐 수도 있습니다.

the killer threw off his disguise.
그 살인자는 정체를 드러냈다.

the killer whale has a sleek , streamlined body.
솔피는 매끈한 유선형의 몸을 가지고 있다.

the then current share price of 438p implied wildly optimistic outcomes.
438p 의 현재 시점 주식 가격은 매우 긍정적인 결과들을 보여준다.

the woodcutter dragged away a tree.
나무꾼은 나무를 뽑아냈다.

the hospital is a private institution.
그 병원은 사립이다.

the hospital is just across it in the middle of the block.
그 병원은 그것을 바로 건너편의 그 블록의 중간에 있어.

the drunken man shot the cat.
술 취한 이는 게워 냈다.

the drunken man skinned a goat.
그 술 취한 사람은 토해냈다.

the position , as such , does not appeal to him , but the salary is a lure.
지위 자체는 매력이 없으나 봉급이 그의 구미를 끌어당긴다.

the energy gap of silicon is 1.1 ev.
규소의 에너지갭은 1.1ev이다.

the pair was caught by another surveillance camera that was monitoring them.
그 두사람은 그들을 감시하고 있던 또 한대의 감시카메라에 의해 잡혔다.

the pair were walking arm in arm.
두 사람은 팔짱을 서로 끼고 걷고 있었다.

the worker bore the burden and heat of the day.
노동자가 힘든 일을 마쳤다.

the trees in fruit are standing in the forest.
열매를 맺은 나무가 숲 속에 서 있다.

the trees are being bulldozed to make way for a new superstore.
새 대형 상점을 지을 자리를 만드느라 나무들을 불도저로 밀고 있다.

the trees are shedding their leaves.
낙엽이 지고 있다.

the trees have begun to bud.
나무가 싹트기 시작했다.

the root name exceeds 64 characters. the root can not be published in active directory.
루트 이름이 64문자를 초과합니다. active directory에 루트를 게시할 수 없습니다.

the sales in the first quarter picked up substantially.
1사분기 판매량 상당히 증가했다.

the company is the world's largest producer of denim.
이 회사는 세계 최대의 데님 생산업체입니다.

the company is trying to dominate the semiconductor market.
그 회사는 반도체시장을 독점하려고 한다.

the company is certain to reinvest its profits productively.
bbc 측은 새로운 유형의 디지털 미디어 분야에 대한 재투자를 위해 비용절감이 불가피하다는 입장을 표명했습니다.

the company is suffering major losses in fields where it once held sway.
그 회사는 이전에는 자신들이 휩쓸었던 그 분야에서 큰 손실을 입어 어려움을 겪고 있다.

the company will provide a guy named bill gates a company car as part of the remuneration package.
그 회사는 빌 게이츠라는 이름의 남자에게 보상급여로 회사차를 줄 것이다.

the company will reimburse you for mileage.
회사에서 마일당 기름값을 지급할 거예요.

the company wants to break away from its downmarket image.
그 회사는 저가 이미지를 탈피하고 싶어 한다.

the company wants to clone human embryos to create a source of embryonic stem cells , which may hold the key to cures for many illnesses.
그 회사는 인간의 배아세포를 복제해서 많은 질병치료에 열쇠를 가지고 있는 배아간세포를 만들려고 한다.

the company could handle the problem with collaboration from its rival company.
그 회사는 경쟁사의 협력을 얻어 문제를 처리할 수 있었다.

the company had received complaints both verbally and in writing.
그 회사는 구두 및 서면으로 불만을 접수했었다.

the company was in such bad condition that many employees bailed out.
그 회사의 상황이 매우 나빠서 많은 근로자들이 회사를 떠났다.

the company made a whopping 75 million dollar loss.
그 회사는 7 500만 달러라는 엄청 큰 손실을 보았다.

the company says cheaper does not necessarily mean fewer choices.
이 회사는 가격이 낮다고 해서 선택의 폭이 좁은 것은 아니라고 말합니다.

the company president has named his daughter as his successor.
회장은 자신의 딸을 후계자로 지목했다.

the company has many offices overseas.
그 회사는 해외에 지사가 많다.

the company has been forced to realign its operations in the area.
그 회사는 그 지역에서의 운영을 재편성할 수밖에 없게 되었다.

the company has adopted a policy of reducing its workforce gradually , through attrition.
회사는 자연 감소를 통해 단계적으로 직원 수를 줄이는 방안을 채택했다.

the company gave its employees assorted gift sets on the national holiday.
명절을 맞아 회사에서 사원들에게 종합 선물 세트를 증정했다.

the company plans to close many of its stores and reorganize , adopting a regional accessbility to sales , to eliminate overlap in jobs and office functions.
이 회사는 일자리 및 직무의 중복을 없애기 위해 많은 점포를 폐쇄하고 조직 개편 작업을 해 지방 판매 방식을 채택할 계획이다.

the company increased its margin of profit by reducing the time required to assemble the components.
회사는 부품 조립에 필요한 시간을 단축시켜 이윤을 늘렸다.

the company increased its margin of profit by reducing the time required to compose the components.
회사는 부품 조립에 필요한 시간을 단축시켜 이윤을 늘렸다.

the company released a product in which several digital devices have been amalgamated.
그 회사는 여러 디지털 기기를 하나로 융합한 제품을 출시했다.

the company requires that new employees memorize its lengthy mission statement.
회사측은 신입 사원들에게 장문의 회사 사훈을 암기하도록 하고 있다.

the company reported net earnings of $132.3 million , or 92 cents per share , for its fiscal third quarter that ended dec. 31.
그 회사는 12월 31일로 마감되는 3회계분기에 순익 1억 3천 230만 달러로 주당 92센트의 실적을 올렸다고 발표했다.

the company markets its products under the trademark techcorder.
그 회사는 테크코더라는 상표로 제품을 판매한다.

the company strained after an effect of high definition.
그 회사는 고화질 효과를 억지로 올리려 하였다.

the company owner's son-in-law is his heir apparent.
회사 사장의 사위는 사장 후임자이다.

the company aligned itself with the cinema.
회사는 영화관과 제휴를 맺었다.

the company boldly closed down unprofitable businesses.
그 회사는 수익성이 없는 사업들을 과감히 정리했다.

the company cited unexpectedly low demand for its contact lens care items.
이 회사는 콘택트렌즈 관리 용품이 예상 밖으로 수요가 저조한 점을 이유로 지적했다.

the company counterattacked the strike of the laborers with a lockout.
노동자들의 파업에 대해 회사는 직장 폐쇄로 맞섰다.

the rescue party is waiting for a chance to help.
구조대가 대기하고 있다.

the log service overrides buffer settings if they do not meet tracing requirements for a particular system.
버퍼 설정이 특정 시스템의 추적 요구 사항에 맞지 않으면 로그 서비스에서 버퍼 설정을 무시합니다.

the teacher is so strict that the students are ill at ease.
선생이 엄해서 학생들이 기를 못 편다.

the teacher is dropping a student.
그 선생님은 한 학생을 야단치고 있다.

the teacher made an allusion to the exam.
선생님은 시험에 대해 넌지시 말했다.

the teacher rebuked him for not doing his assignment.
선생님은 그가 숙제를 하지 않아서 혼냈다.

the teacher pinned the student's ears back for his misdeed.
학생이 잘못을 해서 선생님이 크게 꾸짖었다.

the teacher segregated gifted children into special classes.
선생은 영재 아동을 특수 학급으로 분리했다.

the door gives onto the hallway.
이 문은 현관으로 통하고 있다.

the door opened to reveal a cosy little room.
문이 열리자 아늑한 작은 방이 드러났다.

the bill was passed unanimously by common consent.
그 법안은 만장 일치로 가결되었다.

the bill has drawn a backlash from laborers.
그 법안은 노동자들의 반발을 불러 일으켰다.

the bill tries to address two worthwhile objectives.
그 법안은 두가지 가치있는 목표를 발표하고자 한다.

the woman is in the sauna.
여자가 사우나 안에 있다.

the woman is not a big woman , she is fat.
그 여성은 크지 않다 , 그녀는 뚱뚱하다.

the woman is looking into a microscope.
여자가 현미경 안을 들여다 보고 있다.

the woman is working under an alias.
여자는 가명으로 일을 하고 있다.

the woman is reading a brochure.
한 여인이 브로셔를 읽고 있다.

the woman is cooking the food.
여자가 음식을 만들고 있다.

the woman is sitting at a desk.
여자가 책상에 앉아 있다.

the woman is sitting on a couch.
여자는 소파에 앉아 있다.

the woman is sitting on a stool.
여자가 의자에 앉아 있다.

the woman is walking to the porch.
여자가 현관으로 걸어가고 있다.

the woman is walking with a cane.
여자가 지팡이를 짚고 걷고 있다.

the woman is writing in her notebook.
여자가 노트에 뭔가를 적고 있다.

the woman is pushing a pram around.
여자가 유모차를 밀며 돌아다니고 있다.

the woman is operating a sewing machine.
여자가 재봉틀을 작동하고 있다.

the woman is covering her body.
여자가 그녀의 몸을 감싸고 있다.

the woman is sewing a shirt.
여자가 셔츠를 꿰매고 있다.

the woman is dropping the postcards.
여자가 엽서를 떨어뜨리고 있다.

the woman is putting on her coat.
여자가 코트를 입고 있다.

the woman is putting her camera away.
여자가 자기 카메라를 치우고 있다.

the woman is holding a microphone.
여자는 마이크를 들고 있다.

the woman is hanging her wash on her porch.
여자가 빨래를 현관에 널고 있다.

the woman is examining the map.
여자가 지도를 살피고 있다.

the woman is picking up a leaf.
여자가 나뭇잎을 하나 줍고 있는 모습입니다.

the woman is describing her dream.
여자는 꿈을 설명하고 있다.

the woman is digging in front of the walkway.
여자가 보도 앞에서 땅을 파고 있다.

the woman is dancing ballet with her partner.
여자가 그녀의 파트너와 발레를 하고 있다.

the woman is upset with the clown.
여자는 광대 때문에 당황해하고 있다.

the woman is tying her shoe.
여자가 신발을 신어보고 있다.

the woman is pulling the cord to open the gate.
여자가 문을 열기 위해 밧줄을 잡아당기고 있다.

the woman is washing a car.
여자가 차를 닦고 있다.

the woman is mailing her letter.
여자가 편지를 부치고 있다.

the woman is addressing her colleague.
여자가 동료에게 말을 걸고 있다.

the woman is delivering the menu.
한 여인이 메뉴를 전달하고 있다.

the woman is wringing her hands.
여자가 양손을 비틀고 있다.

the woman and her son are spending the day at an amusement park.
여인과 아들이 유원지에서 하루를 보내고 있다.

the woman and her son are spending the day at an amusement park.
저희 공원은 지금으로부터 15분 후인 9시 30분에 폐장할 예정입니다.

the woman who lives next door to us is as nutty as a fruitcake.
우리 옆집에 사는 여자는 제정신이 아니다.

the woman who was princess leia looks back on her days as a teenager in outer space.
이 여성은 우주에서 청소년기를 보낸 지난날을 돌아보는 레아공주이다.

the woman has such a nice appearance.
그 여인은 그처럼 수려한 외모의 소유자였다.

the woman lunged back into the cab.
그 여자는 택시 안으로 뛰어들어갔다.

the result is beyond calculation at present.
현재로서는 결과를 예상할 수가 없다.

the result was opposite to what we expected.
결과는 전혀 예상에 반하는 것이었다.

the result did not satisfy me.
그 결과는 나를 만족시키지 못했다.

the new britain chamber of commerce presents the 10th annual new britain day festival.
뉴 브리튼 상공회의소가 올해로 제10회를 맞는 뉴 브리튼 데이 축제를 개최합니다.

the new and confirm passwords must match. please re-type them.
와 이 일치해야 합니다. 다시 입력하십시오.

the new system was designed to give students a chance to make up for their record of misbehavior.
새로운 제도는 학생들에게 잘못된 품행에 대한 그들의 기록(벌점)을 만회할 수 있는 기회를 줄 예정입니다.

the new 5 , 000 won note has stronger safety features , which include a hologram.
새로운 5 , 000원권 지폐는 홀로그램을 포함하여 더 강력해진 보안 특성이 있답니다.

the new president and his aides apologized and promised to make amends , but failed to deliver.
새로운 대통령과 그의 보좌관은 사과하고 보상할 것을 약속했으나 , 실행하지는 않았다.

the new development jeopardized the very survival of four species of lizards.
새로운 개발로 도마뱀 4종의 생존 자체가 위협을 받게 되었다.

the new model has variable speeds.
그 새 모델은 변속을 낼 수 있어.

the new mayor makes her maiden speech tonight !.
그 새로 뽑힌 시장은 오늘 밤 처녀 연설을 한다.

the new line of women't sportswear has been quite successful , has not it's.
새로운 종류의 여성 운동복이 아주 잘 나가고 있잖아요 ?.

the new rules will allow china's banks to pool yuan deposits for conversion into foreign currencies and investment overseas.
새 규정에 따르면 , 중국은행들은 위안화로 저금된 돈을 외국 통화로 바꿔 해외에 투자할 수 있도록 허용됩니다.

the new york times is widely respected for its serious journalism and occasionally kidded for its stodgy traditions ; no comic strips , no political cartoons , no color news photos.
뉴욕 타임즈지는 그 진지한 언론 의식 때문에 크게 존중받고 있으면서도 고루한 전통 고수로 조롱거리의 대상이 되기도 합니다. 이 신문에는.

the new york times is widely respected for its serious journalism and occasionally kidded for its stodgy traditions ; no comic strips , no political cartoons , no color news photos.
연재 만화도 없고 , 정치 풍자 만화도 없으며 , 칼라 뉴스 화보도 없습니다.

the new york times columnist called hillary clinton a congenital liar in his column.
뉴욕 타임즈의 칼럼니스트는 그의 칼럼에서 힐라리 클린턴을 천부적인 거짓말쟁이라고 불렀다.

the new york aquarium has many kind of fish.
보스턴 수족관에는 많은 종류의 물고기가 있다.

the new plant is located just outside austin , texas , near the company headquarters.
새 공장은 본사 근처인 텍사스 주 오스틴 외곽 지역에 위치할 것이다.

the new controls will provide a streamlined system.
새로운 규제는 간소화된 시스템을 제공을 할 것이다.

the new prime minister was sworn into office.
새 수상이 직책을 맡는 취임 선서를 했다.

the new hiring freezes across the country may well prove to be a harbinger of worst news to come.
신규 고용이 전국적으로 얼어붙은 것은 최악의 소식의 전조일 수도 있다.

the new bmw gas turbine engines powered this plane.
최신형 bmw 가스터빈 엔진이 이 비행기를 움직입니다.

the new law appears to penalize the poorest members of society.
그 새 법률은 사회의 가장 빈곤한 사람들에게 불리한 것 같아 보인다.

the new law toughens up penalties for those that misuse guns.
2000년도 기획세미나 발표논문집 : 지식정부구현을 위한 전략과 과제.

the new theory has much sex appeal.
그 새로운 이론은 꽤 매력이 있다.

the new color screen is similar in size to those of rivals , but offers sharper definition and richer colors.
새 칼라 스크린은 경쟁사들의 것과 크기에 있어서는 비슷하지만 해상도는 더 선명하고 색감이 더 풍부하다.

the new pupils are a mixed bag-some bright , some positively stupid.
그 새로 온 학생들은 옥석 뒤섞음이다. 머리가 좋은 놈도 있고 , 아주 바보도 있다.

the new hat is her pride and joy.
새로 산 모자가 그 여자의 자랑거리다.

the new trust wizard can not continue because of a problem.
문제 때문에 새 트러스트 마법사를 계속할 수 없습니다.

the new rb group , noel , made their debut after three years of training under renowned star maker park jin-young.
신인 rb 그룹 노을이 유명한 스타 메이커 박진영의 3년간의 훈련 뒤에 데뷔를 했다.

the new recruit blew the work wide open.
신입사원이 일을 망쳐버렸다.

the new bourgeoisie , which was created by the industrial revolution , had money to spend and wanted to travel.
산업 혁명에 의해 탄생한 신 중산 계급은 여유 돈이 있어 여행하기를 원했다.

the new beeping regulation will not affect phones that are already in use.
신호음 의무화에 대한 새 법규는 이미 사용되고 있는 휴대폰에는 적용되지 않을 것입니다.

the new inductees include seven living and 11 deceased inventors.
새로운 수상자로는 생존한 7명과 고인이 된 11명의 발명가가 포함되었다.

the machine is skilfully devised for convenient use.
이 기계는 아주 편리하게 되어 있다.

the bad man had the cruelty to kill the victim.
나쁜 그 남자는 잔인하게도 희생자를 죽였다.

the bad news made me savage.
나쁜 소식은 나를 격분시켰다.

the father tanned his son's hide for running away.
그 아버지는 아들이 가출했었기에 후려갈겼다.

the father reasoned with his daughter about her mistake.
아버지는 딸의 실수를 깨우쳐 주었다.

the flight to miami took many hours.
마이애미까지 비행기로 가는 데 여러 시간이 걸렸다.

the flight of refugees from the advancing forces.
진격해 오는 군대를 피한 난민들의 탈출.

the trip includes a launch in a russian spaceship , an eight-day stay aboard the iss , and a 90-minute spacewalk in a russian space suit.
그 여정은 러시아 우주선에서 출발하여 우주선을 타고 8일간 우주정거장에서 머물고 , 90분간 러시아 우주복을 입고 우주유영을 하는 것이 포함된다.

the hair tucked behind my ear slid softly down.
귀 뒤로 넘긴 머리카락이 스르르 흘러내렸다.

the cause and countermeasure about an outbreak of damages on account of rusa typhoon.
태풍 루사로 인한 피해발생 원인 및 대책.

the disease is also known as senile dementia or pre-senile dementia.
그 질병은 노인성치매 또는 예비노인성치매로도 알려져 있다.

the soldier was sitting by himself on a duffel bag.
그 병사는 더플백 위에 혼자 앉아 있었다.

the soldier fell beneath a bayonet and died.
총검에 찔려 쓰러져 죽었다.

the captain will announce when the craft is secured to the dock and it is safe to disembark.
배가 도크에 정박하여 안전하게 하선할 수 있게 되면 선장께서 알려 드릴 겁니다.

the captain of the santa maria gave up the ship against the pirates.
해적들에게 대항하기 위해서 산타마리아의 선장은 배를 버렸다.

the captain and the crew went on a voyage.
선장과 선원들은 항해했다.

the captain felt great that the key answered the helm.
선장은 배의 키가 잘 들어서 기분이 좋았다.

the captain tried to head the ship for the channel.
선장은 배를 해협 쪽으로 돌리려고 했다.

the girl is crying on the road.
소녀가 길에서 울고 있다.

the girl is behind the tree.
소녀가 나무 뒤에 있다.

the girl is holding a pillow.
소녀가 베개를 하나 들고 있습니다.

the girl is sending a letter.
소녀가 편지를 보내고 있다.

the girl is singing a song.
소녀가 노래를 부르고 있다.

the girl is throwing the teddy bear.
소녀가 곰 인형을 던지고 있어요.

the girl was rushed to a nearby hospital , but she was soon pronounced dead.
그녀는 급히 인근 병원으로 옮겨졌으나 곧 숨졌다.

the girl was filled with amazement when she first saw the ocean.
그 소녀는 바다를 처음 보고 마음이 놀라움으로 가득 찼다.

the girl burst into hysterics yelling out her lover's name.
그 소녀는 하염없이 눈물을 흘리며 사랑하는 남자의 이름을 외쳐댄다.

the girl seemed diffident and uncertain , and then grateful for the arm of a man to guide her.
그 소녀는 수줍고 낯설어하는 것 같았지만 곧 그녀를 안내한 남자의 손을 감사하게 느꼈다.

the girl shook hands with the singer at the concert.
소녀는 콘서트에 가서 가수와 악수했다.

the military maintains arsenals all over the country.
군은 전국에 걸쳐 군수 창고를 유지하고 있다.

the recording sounds very crisp , considering its age.
그 녹음은 오래되었다는 것을 고려할 때 소리가 아주 맑은 편이다.

the sense of solitude is so intense , that it caught my attention.
고독감은 매우 강렬해서 나의 관심을 끌었다.

the sin city is only for deeds of darkness.
신시티는 오로지 악행을 위한 도시이다.

the sound of the cellular phone echoed in the concert hall.
휴대폰 소리가 연주회장에 울려 퍼졌다.

the sound was like a thunder clap.
그 소리는 마치 천둥소리와 같았어요.

the sound was so loud that it reverberated through the earth and the sky.
천지가 진동할 정도로 큰 소리가 났다.

the dog is helping the blind man.
그 개는 맹인을 도와줍니다.

the dog is called ronnie and he is a gorgeous dalmatian !.
그 개의 이름은 로니고 멋진 달마시안이지 !.

the dog is under the desk.
개가 책상 아래에 있다.

the dog will bite you if you tease him.
개를 약올리면 널 물거야.

the dog had hurt its paw.
그 개는 앞발을 다친 상태였다.

the dog had smelt a rabbit.
개가 토끼 냄새를 맡았던 것이다.

the dog came wagging his tail.
개가 꼬리를 살래살래 흔들며 왔다.

the dog leapt and wagged its tail in excitement.
개가 신이 나서 뛰어오르며 꼬리를 흔들어 댔다.

the dog nuzzled its owner's cheek.
그 개는 코로 주인의 뺨을 부드럽게 비볐다.

the dog wagged its tail from side to side.
개가 꼬리를 좌우로 흔들었다.

the dog spewed its guts out on the floor.
그 개는 바닥 위에 토했다.

the rabbit soon awoke , jumped up , and ran as fast as he could.
토끼가 곧 깨어나 벌떡 일어나 전속력으로 달렸다.

the place is a gorgeous mess of wedding detritus.
이 곳은 결혼 후의 쓰레기로 꽤 엉망이다.

the place was deep in the backwoods and so was rarely visited by anyone.
그곳은 깊은 산중이라 사람의 발길이 거의 닿지 않았다.

the place swarms with beggars. or the district is overflowing with beggars.
그곳은 거지 천지다.

the white house was swift to deny the rumours.
백악관은 재빨리 그 소문을 부인했다.

the white papers available are supplemental to the core documentation set and can vary greatly in focus , scope , and length.
백서는 주 설명서의 보충서로서 , 주제 , 범위 , 길이가 매우 다양합니다.

the white dove is a symbol of the international peace movement.
흰 비둘기는 국제평화운동의 상징이다.

the day will not be far distant.
미구불원에 그 날이 올 것이다.

the day his wife died was the nadir of his life.
아내가 죽은 날이 그 사람 인생에서 가장 절망적인 날이었다.

the crew spread a small clew.
그 선원은 돛을 조금만 올렸다.

the child is writing on the ground with chalk.
아이가 분필로 땅바닥에 낙서를 하고 있다.

the child can recite the multiplication with ease.
그 아이는 구구단을 줄줄 외운다.

the child was not hurt , but she wept with an onion.
그 아이는 상처가 나지 않았으나 , 거짓 눈물을 흘렀다.

the child waited with eager anticipation for christmas.
그 아이는 기대로 가슴을 졸이며 크리스마스를 기다렸다.

the child started to babble.
아이가 말하기 시작했다.

the child nuzzled up against his mother.
그 아이는 엄마에게 마구 코를 비벼 댔다.

the child whined for more candy after her mother took it away.
아이는 엄마가 사탕을 가져가 버리자 더 달라고 칭얼댔다.

the images that asians traditionally have associated with the country have given way to trendy entertainers and cuttingedge technology.
아시아인들이 전통적으로 한국 하면 떠올렸던 이미지는 이제 멋진 연예인들과 최첨단 기술의 이미지로 바뀌었다.

the change of building complex of the changdok palace under the reign of king jongjo in the chosun dynasty.
조선 정조조의 창덕궁 건물구성의 변화.

the change of micro pore structure by the acceleration carbonation test for pcms.
촉진 탄산화 시험을 통한 pcm의 공극 구조 변화에 관한 연구.

the change of spatial structure of a lishu settlement on the upper reaches of tumen riverside in china.
두만강 북안 상류 농촌마을 공간구조의 변화 -화룡시 승선진 이수마을을 대상으로-.

the change of layout and spatial composition of rural houses in jeju after 1945.
광복이후 제주지역 농촌주거의 배치 및 공간구성 변화.

the condition , called peripheral arterial disease , is caused by narrowing of the arteries in the limbs , usually the legs.
그런 상태는 , 주변동맥질환이라고도 불리는데 , 다리를 지나는 림프의 동맥관이 좁아진 것이 원인이 되었을 때를 말한다..

the condition of that machinery is bad.
저 기계 상태가 안 좋다.

the condition of his apartment was scrutinized.
그의 아파트 상태는 조사되었다.

the condition of his health is excellent.
그의 건강 상태는 아주 좋다.

the hole is called a " stoma. ".
구멍은 기문이라고 불립니다.

the situation in the us is not directly comparable to that in the uk.
미국의 상황을 영국의 상황과 바로 비교할 수는 없다.

the situation called for_ a balanced approach.
어느 쪽에도 치우치지 않는 접근 방식이 필요한 상황이었다.

the situation scarcely warrants their / them being dismissed.
상황으로 보아 그들의 해고가 타당하다고 보기 어렵다.

the target domain '%s' is not in native mode.
대상 도메인 '%s'이(가) 기본 모드로 설정되어 있지 않습니다.

the atmosphere would be a nice change of pace.
분위기가 달라질 거예요.

the atmosphere of the region is contaminated by radioactivity.
그 지역의 대기는 방사능에 오염되어 있다.

the atmosphere was dull as dishwater that the guests left the party.
분위기가 몹시 지루해서 손님들이 모두 파티장을 떠났다.

the shirt is a size seventeen.
그 셔츠는 17사이즈야.

the relationships between men and women.
남녀 관계.

the decisions of the echr on privacy are developing a coherent and structured body of law which the english courts can follow.
유럽인권재판소의 프라이버시에 관한 결정은 영국 법원이 따를 수 있는 일관성있고 , 구조화된 법의 체제를 발전시키고 있다.

the real danger is that north korea will underestimate both the u.s. commitment and south korea's strength.
진짜 위험은 북한이 미국의 공약과 한국의 힘을 과소평가하는 것이다.

the real facts of the case became unquestionably clear.
사건의 진상이 확연히 밝혀졌다.

the real estate broker urged the couple to put down a deposit.
부동산 중개업자는 그 부부에게 보증금을 내도록 설득했다.

the story is about two federal bureau of investigation agents.
그 이야기는 두 명의 미 연방 수사국 요원들에 관한 것입니다.

the story is about honor among thieves.
그 이야기는 도둑끼리의 의리에 대한 것이다.

the story is told with a complete absence of contrivance.
그 이야기는 전혀 부자연스러운 데 없이 서술된다.

the story is inspired by actual events in 1950.
그 소설은 1950년에 있었던 실제 사건에 영감을 받았다.

the sick man sleeps when the debtor can not.
아픈 사람은 잠을 자도 , 빚진 사람은 잠을 못 잔다. (서양속담 , 건강속담).

the doctor is treating her for a dysfunction of the kidneys.
의사는 그녀의 신부전증을 치료하고 있다.

the doctor was sad to lose a patient.
의사는 환자 한 명을 잃어서 슬퍼했다.

the doctor was stark , staring mad.
그 의사는 아주 미쳤다.

the doctor did a thorough physical examination on the patient.
의사는 그 환자에게 정밀 검진을 했다.

the doctor said about cutting back on your cholesterol intake.
의사가 너 콜레스테롤 섭취를 줄려야 한다고 말했잖아.

the doctor said tom's family that tom was dead on arrival.
의사는 탐의 가족에게 탐은 병원에 도착하였을 때 이미 사망한 환자였다고 말했다.

the doctor put six sutures in the wound on his face.
의사는 그의 얼굴에 난 상처를 여섯 바늘 꿰멨다.

the doctor fails to diagnose a case.
의사가 병명을 밝히지 못하다.

the doctor wrote me a prescription for pain medication.
의사는 진통제 처방을 써 주었어요.

the doctor aborted the baby to save the mother's life.
그 의사는 산모의 생명을 구하기 위해 아기를 낙태시켰다.

the doctor misdiagnosed the patient's stomach pain as cancer.
의사는 환자의 위통을 암으로 오진하였다.

the rot set in last year when they reorganized the department.
그들이 작년에 부서를 재편성하면서 상황이 악화되기 시작했다.

the wet shirt clung to his chest.
젖은 셔츠가 그의 가슴에 착 달라붙어 있었다.

the recently announced job cutbacks worry me much more than the adverts.
최근에 발표된 인력 감축은 광고들보다 더욱 더 나를 불안하게 만든다.

the trouble started on march 28th during the burial ceremony of four rebels belonging to the separatist kurdistan workers' party known as p.k.k.
이 폭력사태는 지난 3월 28일 , p.k.k로 알려진 분리주의 소속의 4명의 반군 장례식때 벌어졌습니다.

the trouble originated in a game.
일은 그 시합에서 발단했다.

the liquor was in a foam.
그 액체는 거품 덩어리였다.

the experience disordered her mind.
그 경험으로 그 여자는 마음이 어지러웠다.

the paint is still wet and smeary.
페인트가 아직 마르지 않아서 끈적거린다.

the fish that were delivered today are unusually smelly.
오늘 배달된 생선은 유난히 비리다.

the barber is cutting the man's hair.
이발사는 남자의 머리를 깎고 있다.

the girls are sitting in the shade.
소녀들이 그늘에 앉아 있다.

the girls will sling it tonight.
소녀들은 오늘 밤 수다를 떨 것이다.

the girls were alarmed about his comeback.
소녀들이 그의 귀환에 대해 떠들어댔다.

the speech was entertaining , but not at all substantive.
강연은 흥미로웠지만 내용은 거의 없었다.

the problem is , there are few requirements for figure skating costumes.
문제는 , 거기에서 피겨스케이팅 복장에 대한 많은 필요조건이 있다.

the problem is you ended up with a reel of tape about a half-meter in diameter that lasted only four minutes.
그럴 경우 , 겨우 4분을 녹화하는데 지름이 50센티미터에 달하는 테잎이 소요되는게 문제였다.

the problem is utterly beyond me.
그 문제는 어려워서 도저히 풀 수 없다.

the problem before us is too difficult to handle by ourselves.
우리 앞에 놓인 문제를 우리끼리 처리하기에는 너무 힘들다.

the problem of iraq is expected to be a central issue in the november congressional elections in the united states.
미국에서 오는 11월에 실시되는 국회 중간선거에서는 이라크 문제가 주요 쟁점이 될 것으로 예상됩니다.

the soup is too thin.
수프가 너무 묽다.

the pictures of world's beauties were on the calendar.
세계의 미녀 사진들이 달력에 실렸다.

the satellite , developed by a consortium of university research laboratories and private industries , will be launched by the government's space agency.
대학 연구소와 민간 업체들이 제휴하여 개발한 위성이 정부 우주국에 의해 발사될 것이다.

the satellite , using a combination of radio waves and radar , can measure minute movements of the earth's surface from far away in space. ers-1 will be used to measure deformations in the earth's surface caused by tectonic forces such as earthquakes and vo.
이 위성은 라디오 전파와 레이더를 이용하여 멀리 우주에서 지표면의 작은 움직임까지 측정할 수 있기 때문에 , 지진이나 화산 폭발과 같은 지각 변동에 의한 지표면의 변형을 측정하는데 이용될 것입니다.

the game was cancelled owing to torrential rain.
그 경기는 억수같이 쏟아지는 비 때문에 취소되었다.

the game was played in a friendly , high-spirited way , with frolicsome behavior on both sides.
양측이 쾌활한 행동을 보이는 가운데 , 경기는 우호적이고 활기차게 진행되었다.

the game kicked off in hammering rain.
비가 억수같이 퍼붓는 가운데 경기가 시작되었다.

the both men say they also discussed concerns that russia appears to be backing away from democracy.
한편 , 부쉬 대통령은 러시아에서 민주주의가 후퇴하고 있다는 사실에 우려를 표명했습니다.

the boxers were goaded on by the shrieking crowd.
두 권투 선수는 비명을 질러 대는 관중들에게 자극을 받았다.

the industry has slid into decline.
그 산업은 사양길로 접어들었다.

the industry began to improve in the years following with reduced unemployment and increased per capita income.
실업자 감소와 1인당 소득이 증가하면서 , 이 산업은 몇 년이 지난 후 향상되기 시작했다.

the record summer temperatures suggest thompson heating and air would enjoy brisk business.
기록적인 여름 기온을 보면 톰슨 히팅 앤 에어 사의 사업이 번창하리라는 것을 알 수 있다.

the court in england has warned that the newspaper company can be punishable to advocate the abolition of the monarchy in print.
영국 법정은 신문사가 인쇄물로 국왕제도의 폐지를 옹호하면 처벌당할 수 있다고 경고했다.

the court will then issue an order to stop the discriminatory acts , and compensate people who suffer discrimination.
그리고 나서 법원은 차별적인 행동을 중단하고 , 차별로 고통 받는 사람에게 보상하라고 명령을 내릴 것입니다.

the court was told that the firm was " barely solvent. ".
법원은 그 회사가 " 지불 능력이 거의 없다 " 는 말을 들었다.

the court found grounds for dismissal.
법정은 기각 사유를 찾았다.

the court case samina malik said that the poems were meaningless but the jury heard how her extremist literature praised osama bin laden , supported martyrdom and discussed beheading.
심판 마미나 말리크는 그 시들은 " 의미 없다 " 고 말했지만 판사는 그녀의 극단주의 문학들이 어떻게 오사마 빈 라덴을 찬미하고 순교를 지지 하고 참수형을 논했는지 들었습니다.

the court ordered that the government should waive the fee for nonprofit organizations.
법원은 정부가 비영리 단체에게는 납부금을 면제해야 한다고 명령했다.

the court recorder transcribed the actual testimony but not the courtroom banter during the rest of the proceedings.
법정 기록원들은 실제 증언을 기록하지만 나머지 절차에서 일어나는 법정의 가벼운 대화는 기록하지 않는다.

the guy humps bluey.
그는 일상용품을 짊어지고 방랑한다.

the chinese government is investing large amounts of money in cloud seeding and weather predictions to make sure the beijing olympics are rain-free.
중국 정부는 올림픽 기간 동안 비가 없도록 하기 위해서 구름씨뿌리기와 날씨 예측에 많은 돈을 투자하고 있습니다.

the chinese government has pledged almost $7 billion to curb a worsening desertification problem and lessen sandstorms.
중국 정부는 사막화가 더 심각해지는 것을 막고 황사현상을 줄이기 위해 약 70억 달러를 투자할 것이라고 공언했다.

the chinese leader , who arrived saturday for a three-day trip , is to visit the saudi oil company aramco later today (sunday).
사흘간의 방문 일정으로 토요일 사우디에 도착한 중국 주석은 일요일 사우디 석유회사인 아람코를 방문할 예정입니다.

the chinese societal institution volunteered to help wuai wuai get an operation after seeing the baby's picture.
이 사진을 본 중국 사회협회는 워이워이가 수술을 받을 수 있도록 돕겠다고 자원했다.

the players are barred from drinking alcohol the night before a match.
시합 전날 밤에는 선수들이 술을 못 마시게 되어 있다.

the singer still looms over our music and shapes our fantasies.
그 가수는 아직도 우리 음악계에 영향을 끼치며 우리에게 환상을 심어준다.

the person you called is currently placing a call. please try again later.
상대방이 다른 호출을 하고 있습니다. 나중에 다시 시도하십시오.

the person standing is using a blow-dryer.
서 있는 사람은 헤어 드라이어를 사용하고 있다.

the person delivering the most succinct speech will receive a computer as a prize.
가장 간결한 연설을 하는 사람은 컴퓨터를 선물로 받게 된다.

the football supporters sang a hearty chorus of the national anthem.
축구의 열광팬들은 국가를 열렬히 합창했다.

the player was fingering his swollen right ankle.
그 선수는 퉁퉁 부어오른 오른쪽 발목을 만지고 있었다.

the player accidentally set a bone.
우연히 선수는 접골했다.

the young man was arraigned in criminal court for theft.
그 청년은 절도 혐의로 형사재판에 소환되어 심문을 받았다.

the young man married a fortune.
그 젊은이는 돈 많은 여자와 결혼했다.

the young woman is writing on her lap.
젊은 여자가 무릎에 대고 무엇인가를 적고 있다.

the young student began the world.
어린 학생이 사회에 진출했다.

the young swimmer managed to demolish the records of some of the world's competitive swimmers.
이 젊은 수영선수는 몇몇 세계의 경쟁력 있는 수영선수들의 기록을 깨는데 성공했었다.

the young cubs hungrily devoured the deer that the lion had killed.
어린 새끼들은 그 사자가 잡아 온 사슴을 걸신들린 듯 먹어 치웠다.

the black cauldron is a return to the tradition.
검은 가마솥은 전통이 살아있는 것이다.

the vast and endless sea. (antoine de saint-exupery).
당신이 배를 만들고 싶다면 , 사람들에게 목재를 가져오게 하고 일을 지시하고 일감을 나눠주는 일을 하지 말라. 대신 그들에게 저 넓고 끝없.

the vast and endless sea. (antoine de saint-exupery).
는 바다에 대한 동경심을 키워줘라. (생텍쥐페리 , 공부명언).

the mountains near seoul were packed with weekenders.
서울 근교의 산들은 주말을 맞은 행락객들로 발 디딜 틈이 없었다.

the march data was mainly explained by short-term seasonal effects , and the figures were not seen as a signal for a downward trend in unemployment.
3월 달 자료는 대체로 단기적인 계절적 영향으로 설명되며 , 자료 수치들도 실직률이 하향추세에 접어든 징후라고 볼 수가 없다.

the lecture was so boring that we just turned off.
강의가 너무 재미 없어서 우린 흥미를 잃어버렸어.

the evidence we heard revealed a potential conflict inherent in the promotion of disaster mitigation following a disaster.
우리가 들었던 증거는 재난후 뒤따르는 재난구호의 활동내에 내재된 잠재적 갈등을 드러내었다.

the grandmother is pushing the stroller.
할머니가 유모차를 밀고 있다.

the grandmother ghost has a doll. she is singing.
할머니 유령은 인형을 가지고 있다. 그녀는 노래를 부르고 있다.

the high priest crowned the new king.
대제사장은 새로운 왕의 머리에 왕관을 씌웠다.

the desert extends southward to the sudan.
사막은 남쪽으로 수단까지 미치고 있다.

the infinite distances of space are too great for the human mind to comprehend.
우주의 무한한 거리는 너무 방대해서 인간의 정신으로는 이해할 수 없다.

the rich and famous disporting themselves in glamorous places.
그들은 거의 매일 밤을 나이트 클럽에서 흥겹게 놀며 보냈다.

the rich shows a callous unconcern for the people surrounding him.
그 부자는 주위 사람들에게 철저히 무관심하다.

the mist is settling. or it is foggy. or a haze lies over.
안개가 낀다.

the bone is not affected at all. or the bone is all right.
뼈에는 이상이 없다.

the bone is broken , but the overlying skin remains intact.
뼈는 부러졌지만 덮여 있던 피부는 온전하게 남아있다.

the food is fantastic but i could forego the decorations.
음식은 정말 맛있는데 장식은 별로인데요.

the food is laid out on the table in an appetizing array.
음식이 상에 먹음직스럽게 차려져 있다.

the willow branches are swaying gently in the wind.
버들가지가 바람에 흐늘흐늘 움직인다.

the skin is the largest organ of the body and forms a pliable protective covering over the external body surface.
피부는 신체의 가장 큰 기관으로 신체의 표면 위에 유연한 보호막을 형성하고 있다.

the skin of my feet sloughed off.
내 발의 껍질이 벗어졌다.

the farmer thinks of ways to discourage this profit-eating situation.
농부는 이윤을 축내는 이러한 상황을 막기 위한 방법을 생각해 냈다.

the airport - which was ruined in the quake -resumed service monday allowing 36 aid flights to land.
지진피해로 인해 정상적으로 운영되지 못했던 공항이 다시 서비스를 재개함에 따라 , 36대의 구호 수송기가 상륙했습니다.

the audience likes to see the bull angry , and the matador to defy the bull with courage and grace.
관객들은 황소의 성난 모습과 투우사가 용기와 품위로 이 황소를 물리치는 모습을 보는 것을 좋아해요.

the audience gave applause to the graceful play.
그 우아한 연극에 관객들은 박수갈채를 했다.

the audience rewarded him with a standing ovation.
그 관객들은 그에게 기립박수로 보답했다.

the audience stirred as cadets marched in formation into the gymnasium.
생도들이 줄을 지어 체육관 안으로 입장하기 시작하자 장내가 술렁였다.

the river slowly winds its way.
강은 느리게 굽이굽이 흐르다.

the river pours into the bay.
그 강은 만으로 흘러들어 간다.

the street lights go on at dusk.
황혼이 지면 가로등이 켜진다.

the street resounded to the thud of marching feet.
거리에는 행진하는 발자국 소리가 쿵쿵 울렸다.

the eyes of owls can penetrate the dark.
부엉이 눈은 어둠 속에서도 볼 수 있다.

the eyes redeem the face from ugliness.
눈 덕택에 얼굴이 추함을 면하고 있다.

the terrorist gave the unwitting woman a homemade bomb wrapped in a plastic bag.
테러리스트는 제정신이 아닌 여성에게 비닐 백에 싼 사제폭탄을 건네주었다.

the issue in burma is that the awareness of the bird flu is rather poor.
버마에서의 문제는 , 조류 독감에 대한 인식도가 정말 형편없다는 것입니다.

the issue at hand is avian influenza (ai) , better know as bird flu.
가까운 곳에 있는 그 이슈거리는 조류독감이다. 그것은 avian influenza(ai)보다 bird flu로 더 잘 알려져 있다.

the issue of amending the constitution is surfacing again.
개헌론이 다시 수면 위로 떠오르고 있다.

the issue and problems with new administrative capital relocation.
신행정수도 이전에 따른 쟁점 및 과제.

the issue came to the fore again as the presidential election neared.
대선이 다가오면서 그 문제가 다시 대두되었다.

the poor old sod got the sack yesterday.
그 불쌍한 놈이 어제 모가지를 당했대.

the poor woman keeled over from a heart attack.
그 가련한 여자는 심장마비로 쓰러졌다.

the poor girl was ashamed of her ragged dress.
가난한 처녀는 자기 누더기 드레스를 부끄러워했다.

the poor orphan came closer with an easy conscience.
그 불쌍한 고아는 안심하고 가까이 왔다.

the nobel peace prize would be a richly deserved accolade for korean president kim , who has doggedly planned and worked toward peace.
노벨 평화상은 평화를 위해 끈질기게 계획하고 일해온 한국의 김 대통령에게는 충분히 자격 있는 영예가 될 것이다.

the committee found the plan objectionable and voted against it.
위원회는 그 계획이 반대할 만하다고 보고 반대표를 던졌다.

the committee were divided on the question.
그 문제에 관해서 위원회의 의견은 갈라졌다.

the award does not represent much to my career.
그 상은 내 경력에 그다지 큰 의미가 되지 못한다.

the award was presented at the year-end meeting of the washington state campus unions and financial aid (cufa) committee.
시상식은 워싱턴 스테이트 캠퍼스 연합과 장학재단(cufa) 위원회의 연말회의에서 수여되었습니다.

the award was bestowed on the hollywoods greatest director and biggest pain in the ass , robert alt.
그 상은 헐리우드의 가장 위대한 감독이자 가장 큰 골치덩어리인 로버트 알트만(robert altman)에게 수여되었다.

the climate in this area is generally mild.
이 지역의 기후는 대체로 따뜻하다.

the climate also determined the type of house built.
집이 지어지는 형태를 결정하는 요소로는 기후도 있다.

the british men quickly garnered everyone's attention by using a bullhorn.
영국 남성들은 확성기로 모든 사람의 주의를 끌었다.

the important thing was to love rather than to be loved. (w. somerset maugham).
중요한 것은 사랑을 받는 것이 아니라 사랑을 하는 것이었다. (서머셋 모옴 , 사랑명언).

the association was organized with him as a leader.
그 협회는 그가 중심이 되어 조직되었다.

the sudan government says it is prepared to sign the peace deal , but rebel groups say they will not sign and are insisting on changes.
수단 정부는 평화 협정에 서명할 준비가 돼 있다고 말했지만 , 반군 단체들은 서명하지 않을 것이라면서 일부 조항의 변경을 고집하고 있습니 다.

the official match ball has been unveiled.
월드컵 공식 축구공도 공개됐습니다.

the official documents showing who owns land are kept in the courthouse.
토지 소유자를 보여주는 공문서는 법원에 보관되어 있다.

the official antagonized the leader of his own party by accusing him a dastard.
그 임원은 자기 당의 총재를 겁쟁이라고 비난함으로써 그와 적대 관계가 되었다.

the official xinhua news agency says less than three thousand cubic meters of concrete needs to be poured before the dam is completed.
관영 신화 통신은 삼협댐 공사가 완공되기 위해서는 3천 입방 미터의 콘크리트가 더 필요하다.

the virus which causes aids can be transmitted in semen.
후천성 면역 결핍증을 일으키는 바이러스는 정액으로 옮겨질 수 있다.

the latest discovery , they say , is as important as stonehenge.
그들의 말에 따르면 최근의 이 발견이 스톤헨지만큼 중요하다고 합니다.

the latest versions gradually tailor themselves to a single user , learning from mistakes and adapting to the user's speech patterns as they parse raw , digitized sound into words.
이 시스템의 최근 버전은 들리는 그대로의 디지털화된 음성을 단어들로 문법에 맞게 구성해 갈 때 , 여러 가지 오류 수정을 통해 사용자의 말투에 적응해 가 면서 점차 단일 사용자에 맞춰지고 있다.

the latest versions gradually tailor themselves to a single user , learning from mistakes and adapting to the user's speech patterns as they parse raw , digitized sound into words.
이 시스템의 최근 버전은 들리는 그대로의 디지털화된 음성을 단어들로 문법에 맞게 구성해 갈 때 , 여러 가지 오류 수정을 통해 사용자의 말 투에 적응해 가면서 점차 단일 사용자에 맞춰지고 있다.

the inhabitants of the island are in an uncivilized state.
그 섬의 토인은 무지몽매하다.

the software development project is months behind schedule.
소프트웨어 개발 프로젝트가 예정보다 몇 달이나 늦어지고 있어요.

the software industry in the united states is very competitive but , at the same time , in sync.
미국의 소프트웨어 업계는 경쟁도 대단히 심하지만 , 동시에 협조적이기도 합니다.

the software interprets certain touches as keystrokes but forgives accidental brushes.
이 소프트웨어는 가볍게 누르는 것은 키를 치는 것으로 인식하지만 실수로 건드린 것은 입력하지 않는다.

the company's domestic marketing has been successful so far.
회사의 국내 시장 마케팅은 지금까지 성공적이었다.

the company's fax number was not on its letterhead.
그 회사의 팩스 번호는 회사 편지지에 적혀 있지 않았다.

the company's prospects look rather bleak.
그 회사는 앞길이 험난해 보인다.

the image falls on the retina.
상은 망막에 맺힌다.

the corporate lawyers were present in court today.
그 회사의 변호사들이 오늘 법정에 출석했다.

the slow traffic chafed her as she hurried to work.
서둘러 출근하데 차가 천천히 빠져서 그녀는 초조했다.

the south korean women's handball team earned their ticket to the beijing olympics after beating ivory coast 38-21 at a qualifying tournament.
한국 여자 핸드볼 팀은 예선전에서 코트디부아르를 38-21로 무찌른 후에 베이징 올림픽 행 티켓을 따냈습니다.

the conscious and unconscious actions of man are what precipitates events and future actions.
사람의 의식적이고 무의식적인 행동이 사건들과 미래의 행동을 촉진하는 것이다.

the model assumed a sexy pose.
모델은 섹시한 포즈를 취했다.

the numbers of biracial koreans outside of korea , some estimate are much higher.
한국 밖에서의 혼혈 한국인의 수는 훨씬 더 높다.

the crimes cast a lurid light on the person.
그 흉악한 범죄는 사람을 무시무시하게 보이게 한다.

the female bird is called a peahen , and young are called peachicks.
암컷은 peahen이라고 불리고 어린 새끼는 peachicks라고 불립니다.

the candidate was elected as a senator in this senatorial election.
그 후보자가 이번 상원의원선거에서 상원의원이 되었다.

the candidate did not spell his name correctly.
그 지망자는 자신의 이름 철자를 똑바로 쓰지 않았다.

the mayor went through a month-long honeymoon before the press criticized him.
언론이 비난하기 전에 시장은 한달동안 협조관계를 유지했다.

the mayor set his seal to the pact.
계약에 시장이 날인했다.

the mayor tried to seize at straws.
시장은 지푸라기라도 잡으려 했다.

the mayor shuffled out of the duty.
시장은 교묘히 의무를 피했다.

the national economy has regressed more than 20 years because of the war.
전쟁으로 국가 경제가 20년 이상 퇴보했다.

the national academy of sciences' panel brings to an end the studies' findings are plausible.
국립과학원 토론회는 이같은 연구 결과가 그럴 기능성이 높다고 결론을 내렸습니다.

the national transportation department (ntd) defines an " extreme commuter " as one who travels more than 90 minutes one-way to work.
전국 교통부(ntd)에서는 편도로 출근하는데 90분 이상 걸리는 사람을 " 극심한 통근자 " 라고 정의를 내립니다.

the national assembly held hearings on the nominee for prime minister.
국회는 총리 지명자에 대한 인사 청문회를 열었다.

the national assembly opens its session tomorrow.
국회는 내일부터 개회된다.

the national weather service has issued a traveler's advisory for cook county.
국립 기상청은 쿡 카운티 여행자들을 위한 기상 통보를 발표했다.

the national assessment of adult literacy is the most important test of how well adult americans can read.
전국 성인 읽기 능력평가는 미국 성인들의 읽기 수준을 평가하는 가장 중요한 시험입니다.

the national emergency management agency said it grew the alert to the second-highest level because of a high likelihood for major disasters.
한국 재난안전대책본부는 , 대규모 재난사태가 발생할 가능성이 크기 때문에 , 경계수준을 두번째 높은 단계로 상향조정했다고 밝혔습니다.

the national treasury will provide the compulsory education expenses.
의무 교육비는 국고에서 부담한다.

the national theater will be the main beneficiary of the millionaire' s largess.
국립 극장이 그 백만 장자가 기부한 돈의 최대 수혜자가 될 것이다.

the national anthem is heard in every corner of korea.
애국가가 삼천리 방방곡곡에 울려 퍼진다.

the national youth commission(nyc) has announced that in order to protect students from possible abuse , schools and other such institutions will be required not to hire past child sex offenders for five years after their conviction.
청소년 위원회(nyc)는 학생들이 성범죄에 이용되는 것을 막기 위해 앞으로 학교를 비롯한 교육시설들이 유죄 확정을 받은 성범죄자를 5년 간 채용할 수 없도록 할 방침이라고 발표했다.

the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa) said in a recent statement that it plans to save the aging hubble space telescope in the spring of 2008.
미국항공우주국은 최근 성명에서 2008년 봄에 낡은 허블 우주 망원경을 구제할 계획이라고 말했어요.

the national archives takes custody of the records when the president leaves office.
대통령 임기 종료 후 임기중 기록은 국가 기록 보관소에서 보관 , 관리한다.

the expected heavy handed police responses will only stoke the peoples fury.
예상되는 경찰의 과잉 대응은 사람들의 분노를 부추기기만 할 것이다.

the mother who spoils her child fattens a serpent.
아이를 버릇 없이 키우는 어머니는 뱀을 키우는 것이다. (스페인속담 , 공부속담).

the mother pacified the child by feeding her some milk.
어머니는 우유를 먹여서 아기를 달랬다.

the name they eventually hit upon was in answer to prayer.
그들이 마침내 떠올린 이름은 기도에 대한 응답이었다.

the name of the chickadee sounds like its call.
박새의 이름은 그 울음소리와 비슷하다.

the name of this act is resonance.
이런 행동은 반향이라 한다.

the name jack the ripper was first used in a letter that was received by the central news agency in the city of london on september 27 in 1888.
" jack the ripper " 란 이름은 1888년 9월 27일 런던시에서 central news agency에 의해 수신된 한 편지에서 처음 사용되었다.

the name susan is often abbreviated to sue.
수전이라는 이름은 수우로 줄여 부르는 경우가 많다.

the name ceres comes from the goddess of grain.
케레스라는 이름은 곡식의 여신에게서 유래했습니다.

the name koo hye-sun will immediately bring to mind the image of cute and adorable kum jan-di , who stole the heart of jun-pyo.
구혜선 하면 준표의 마음을 빼앗은 귀엽고 사랑스런 금잔디 이미지가 떠오른다.

the distant vista of the golden gate bridge looks gorgeous.
멀리서 바라본 금문교의 풍경은 아름답다.

the nation is now losing ground on three main economic fronts.
그 나라는 지금 3대 경제전선에서 기초가 흔들리고 있다.

the nation was under the domination of foreigners.
국가가 외국인 지배하에 있었다.

the nation has a new potent weapons system.
그 나라는 강력한 새 무기 체제를 갖추고 있다.

the nation has a potent new weapons system.
그 나라는 강력한 새 무기 체제를 갖추고 있다.

the campaign to select the seven new wonders was begun in 1999 by swiss adventurer bernard weber.
7개의 신 불가사의를 뽑기 위한 캠페인은 199년 스위스의 모험가 버나드 웨버에 의해서 시작됐어요.

the catch is you will sever all human contact.
대가는 모든 사람들과의 연락을 완전히 끊는 거야.

the scent of peppermint might be a good thing in office buildings and cinnamon and apple remind people of their homes.
때문에 박하 향은 사무실에서 사용하기에 좋다. 또한 계피와 사과는 집을 생각나게 한다.

the scent of vanilla keeps you awake.
바닐라 향은 긴장하게 한다.

the annoyance of the mosquitoes kept me awake.
모기가 성가시게 굴어서 잠을 잘 수 없었다.

the road is closed to vehicular traffic.
그 도로에는 차량 통행이 차단되어 있다.

the road serves the scattered habitations along the coast.
이 도로는 해안을 따라 흩어져 있는 부락들이 이용한다.

the road bends in a wide curve.
그 도로는 완만하게 구부러져 있다.

the defendant in this trial is accused of stealing a car.
이 재판에서 피고는 자동차 절도죄로 기소되어 있습니다.

the trial is twelve weeks away.
재판은 12주 후로 잡혀 있다.

the trial took place amid a blaze of publicity.
그 재판은 매스컴의 열띤 관심 속에서 이뤄졌다.

the trial of journalist zhao yan had been scheduled to begin today and a judge announced a one-month adjournment.
이 단체는 언론인 자오얀씨에 대한 재판이 오눌로 예정됐었지만 판사가 이를 한 달 연기했습니다.

the trial was adjourned until the following week.
재판은 다음 주로 연기되었다.

the us is not the only culprit.
미국만이 유일한 장본인은 아니다.

the us has kept their economic blockade policy toward north korea for decades.
미국은 수십 년간 대북 경제 봉쇄 정책을 취해 왔다.

the play , first produced in february 1949 , is considered to be both the playwright's masterpiece and a cornerstone of contemporary american drama.
1949년 2월에 처음 막을 올린 이 작품은 그의 대표작이자 미국 현대 연극의 초석을 세웠다는 평가를 받고 있습니다.

the play examined the myth of the american dream and the universal hopes and fears of middle-class america.
이 작품은 미국 중산층의 공통적인 꿈과 두려움 , 그리고 아메리칸 드림의 허구를 다루었습니다.

the signature was attested by two witnesses.
그 서명에 대해서는 두 명의 증인이 증언했다.

the matter does not regard you at all.
그 일은 너와는 전혀 관계가 없다.

the senior secretary , whose expertise has been instrumental to the firm's success , is unfortunately due to retire midway through the next quarter.
전문적 지식으로 회사 발전에 도움을 주었던 수석 비서가 불행히도 다음회기 중간쯤에 은퇴할 예정이다.

the college biology department has diversified by adding new courses in biotechnology.
대학 생물학과는 새로운 생명공학 수업을 개설하면서 다양화되었다.

the pool is not the only place to learn how to swim-there's also the beach.
수영장만이 수영하는 방법을 배울 수 있는 유일한 장소는 아니다. 해변에서도 배울 수 있다.

the goods are to be consigned by train.
상품들은 기차로 운반될 것입니다.

the goods are ready for shipment.
상품들이 선적 대기중이다.

the station is capable of producing approximately 120kg per day of high-purity , high-pressure hydrogen using gredler energy's proprietary technology.
이 충전소는 그레들러 에너지의 특허 기술을 이용해서 하루에 약 120kg의 순도 높은 고압 수소를 생산할 수 있다.

the film was a three-hour saga of world war ii.
그 영화는 제2차 세계대전에 관한 3시간짜리 서사시이다.

the film received mostly negative reviews.
그 영화는 전반적으로 부정적인 평을 받았다.

the film bears strong connections to other classic works by both men.
필름은 두 남자 전부 에의한 다른 고전적인 일에 강한 연결을 품는다.

the film lacked a systematic plot , believability and good acting.
그 영화는 체계적인 극의 흐름 , 개연성 , 좋은 연기를 결여하고 있다.

the general made some bellicose statements about his country's military strengh.
장군은 자국의 군사력에 대해 호전적인 발언을 했다.

the general response was one of understandable bafflement.
명예훼손을 위한 법적 원조는 당연히 없고 , 언론이 가하는 재정적 압박은 꽤나 압도적이다.

the general assembly met to hear the russian president speak.
국제연합총회가 러시아 대통령의 연설을 듣기위해 열렸다.

the general assumed command of the army.
장군이 군대를 지휘했다.

the general spirit of despotism is fear.
일반적으로 전제주의의 정신적 토대는 공포심이다.

the general personally set an example to his inferiors.
장군께서는 친히 당신의 부하들에게 모범을 보이셨다.

the opening of the exhibition was supported by heartthrob actors lee min-ho and kim jun , co-stars from the drama.
전시회 오프닝은 드라마에 같이 출연했던 모든 소녀들의 동경의 대상인 배우 이민호가 도와주었다.

the baseball team suffered a reverse.
그 야구팀은 패배했다.

the number of the internet users has grown from 3.1m to 52.2m , a whopping 1 , 500 percent increase.
인터넷 이용자의 수가 310만 명에서 5 , 220만명으로 1 , 500퍼센트나 껑충뛰었습니다.

the number of plastic surgery procedures on men in the united states has increased threefold since 1997 , to 807 , 000 , according to the american society for aesthetic plastic surgery.
미국미용성형외과학회에 따르면 미국 내에서 남성에게 시술된 성형 수술 건수는 1997년이래 3배가 증가한 80만7천 건에 달한다고 한다.

the number of accidents is proportionate to the increased volume of traffic.
사고 건수는 늘어나는 교통량에 비례한다.

the number of farmers who organically cultivate rice are increasing.
벼를 유기농법으로 재배하는 농가가 늘고 있다.

the number of congress members declined from 382 to 372.
국회의원 수는 382명에서 372명으로 감소했다.

the number of applicants mounts up to one thousand.
지원자가 천 명에 달한다.

the professor wants jan to improve the consistency of her term paper.
교수는 잔이 기말 리포트에서 좀더 일관성을 보여 주기를 원한다.

the professor stood at the lectern and gave his lecture.
교수님은 강연대에 서서 강의를 하셨다.

the professor insisted the specious argument that not all whites benefited from slavery in the classroom.
그 교수는 모든 백인들이 노예제도로 인해서 이익을 본 것은 아니라는 그럴듯한 주장을 고집했다.

the principal read the riot act.
교장선생님이 호되게 꾸짖으셨다.

the terrible smell made me retch violently.
나는 끔찍한 냄새로 꿱꿱대며 토했다.

the wife of prime minister tony bair admits to upsetting the monopoly board if she is losing.
토니 블레어 영국 총리의 부인은 모노폴리게임을 할 때 , 지고 있으면 게임판을 뒤집어 엎어버린다고 하는군요.

the date of the wedding is still undecided.
결혼식 날짜는 미정이다.

the date of the examination was (publicly) announced yesterday.
시험 날짜가 어제 공지되었다.

the date was about 3000 b.c. , and these large groups were found in egypt , china , india , and mesopotamia.
그 시기는 기원전 3000년경이었고 이 큰 그룹들은 이집트 , 중국 , 인도 , 그리고 메소포타미아에서 발견되었다.

the date was advanced from aug. 10 to aug. 3.
날짜는 8월 10일에서 8월 3일로 앞당겨졌다.

the gentle melody of the piano is very spaced out and sombre.
그 피아노의 부드러운 운율은 매우 멍하고 침울하다.

the gentle slope was dropping off into a steep slant.
완만하던 경사가 급경사로 바뀌어가고 있었다.

the gentle glow of candlelight creates a certain ambience , but it can also create a health hazard in your home , according to a recent study.
촛불의 부드러운 빛은 어떤 분위기를 연출하지만 최근 연구결과에 따르면 집안에서 건강의 위험요소가 될 수 있다.

the economic outlook is a bit more positive in south korea.
한국의 경제 전망이 조금 나아졌습니다.

the total forest cover of the earth is decreasing.
지구 위를 덮고 있는 숲 전체가 줄어들고 있다.

the total export value is in round figures 10 billion dollars.
수출 총액은 약 백억불이다.

the lack of substance is the problem.
실체(알맹이)가 없다는 것이 문제이다.

the firm is in dire straits and may go bankrupt.
그 회사는 대단히 심각한 곤경에 처해 있고 파산할지도 모른다.

the class was in commotion at the news.
그 소식에 학급 전체가 동요하고 있다.

the class asked billy why he had picked the giraffe.
그 학급 반 아이들은 빌리에게 왜 기린을 선택했냐고 물었다.

the class snapped its cap at the news.
그 소식을 듣고 학급은 흥분했다.

the class caters for all ability ranges.
그 수업은 모든 수준의 학생들에게 맞도록 한다.

the town was in the middle of momentous change.
그 마을은 중대한 변화의 중심에 있다.

the town was entangled with their scheme.
마을 전체가 그들의 계략에 말렸다.

the town has a sizeable sikh population.
그 소도시에는 꽤 많은 시크 주민이 있다.

the town burgeoned into a city.
그 읍은 급격히 발전해서 시가 되었다.

the police in england and wales are in the process of doing it.
잉글랜드와 웨일즈 경찰이 그것을 하고 있는 중이다.

the police are in a tight corner because of the robber who suddenly appears and vanishes into thin air.
신출귀몰하는 강도 때문에 경찰은 궁지에 빠졌다.

the police are trying to nip the violence in the bud.
경찰은 폭력사태를 미연에 방지하려고 애쓰고 있다.

the police are suspecting him as the mastermind in the recent terror attack.
경찰은 이번 테러 사건의 배후 인물로 그를 지목하고 있다.

the police have enough to contend with.
경찰은 대항할 힘을 충분히 갖고 있다.

the police have promised to see into the disappearance of the professor.
경찰은 교수 실종 사건을 조사하겠다고 약속했다.

the police have ascertained (that) five people died in the crash.
경찰은 그 추돌 사고로 5명이 사망했음을 확인했다.

the police had to find reds under the beds.
경찰은 잠입해 있는 공산주의자를 찾아야만 했다.

the police had to create a barricade between two groups.
경찰은 두 그룹 사이에 바리케이드를 쳐야 했습니다.

the police plan to crack down harder on brothels.
경찰은 윤락업소에 대한 단속을 강화할 방침이다.

the police were operating in collusion with the drug dealers to pocket black money.
경찰이 마약상과 한통속이 되어 검은 돈을 챙기고 있었다.

the police were mystified and the populace terrified anew wednesday after a noxious gas was released at yet another big japanese train station.
수요일 일본의 주요 철도역에서 또다시 독가스가 살포되어 경찰을 당혹시켰고 , 시민들은 공포에 사로잡혔습니다.

the police began investigating a bizarrely evil homicide.
잔악하고 엽기적인 살인 사건이 발생해 경찰이 수사에 착수했다.

the police caught the assailant.
경찰은 가해자를 붙잡았다.

the police seemed to avoid looking into the case.
경찰이 그 사건 조사하기를 꺼리는 것 같았다.

the police reported that the suspect was last seen in the vicinity of the central post office.
경찰은 용의자가 마지막으로 목격된 곳이 중앙 우체국 부근이었다고 발표했다.

the police hit the mattress to catch the criminal.
경찰은 범인 잡기 위해 잠복했다.

the police officer received a citation for saving a woman's life.
그 경찰관은 한 여자의 목숨을 구해준 것으로 표창장을 받았다.

the police relieve guard at night.
경찰은 저녁에 보초 근무를 교대했다.

the police blamed senseless drivers who went too fast.
경찰은 과속을 한 무분별한 운전자들을 탓했다.

the police arrested the mayor for bribery.
경찰은 시장을 뇌물수수 혐의로 체포했습니다.

the police sergeant found an important piece of evidence.
그 경사는 중요한 단서를 찾아냈다.

the police busted those gang members.
경찰은 폭력배 일당을 일망타진했어요.

the police escorted the convict to seoul by rail.
경찰은 열차편으로 범인을 서울까지 호송했다.

the police fanned out to surround the house.
경찰이 흩어져 그 집을 에워쌌다.

the police marveled how the prisoner had escaped.
경찰은 그 죄수가 어떻게 탈옥했을까 하고 이상하게 생각했다.

the police shove through a crowd.
경찰이 군중을 밀치고 나아간다.

the police shove through a crowd.
" 사장이 그 보고서 지금 가져오라는군. " " 뭐라구 ? 말도 안 되는 소리 하지 말라고 해. ".

the dutch government said it was ready to establish a special sierra leone tribunal on its territory.
네덜랜드 정부는 자국 영토 안에 특별 시에라리온 법정을 설치할 준비가 돼 있다고 밝혔습니다.

the country was in the throes of revolutionary change.
그 나라는 한창 혁신적인 변화를 겪고 있는 중이었다.

the country was forbidden to rearm under the terms of the treaty.
그 나라는 그 조약의 조건에 따라 재무장이 금지되었다.

the country has a law prohibiting employees from striking.
그 나라에는 종업원들의 파업을 금지하는 법이 있다.

the country became stained with a jackpot mentality.
그 나라는 성공 우선적인 의식구조로 좀먹어 버렸다.

the country paid reparations to the countries which suffered from its aggression.
그 나라는 자국의 침략으로 손해를 입은 나라들에게 배상금을 물었다.

the country demonstrated that there are other ways of dealing with difference , with disagreement , with conflict.
국가는 차이와 불일치 , 갈등이라는 문제를 해결하는 데 있어서 다른 방법들이 있음을 증명했습니다.

the son will follow his father's example and , similarly , the daughter will model herself on her mother.
아들은 아버지의 본을 따르고 이와 같이 딸은 어머니를 본보기로 삼는다.

the son of the soil was worried about this year's harvest.
농부는 올해의 수확을 걱정하였다.

the dealer bade against a salesman.
거래자는 물건 판매상과 맞서서 비싼 값을 불렀다.

the daughter of the dead woman went into mourning.
죽은 여인의 딸은 상복을 입었다.

the banks close at noon , you know.
아시겠지만 은행은 정오에 문을 닫아요.

the successful candidates will be responsible for teaching mandarin or cantonese between 15 and 20 classroom hours per week.
합격자는 만다린어 또는 광둥어를 주당 15 내지 20시간 가르치게 됩니다.

the owner of xi xi says that he bought the chick because xi xi was very lonely.
시시의 주인은 시시가 너무 외로워 해서 병아리를 사다 주었다고 말했다.

the owner said as he showed the lady some pale green parakeets.
가게 주인이 숙녀에게 연녹색의 잉꼬를 보여 주며 말했다.

the cathedral is now hedged in by other buildings.
그 성당은 이제 다른 건물들로 완전히 둘러싸여 있다.

the church , with its tall spire , is nearly finished.
높은 첨탑을 가진 그 교회의 공사가 거의 끝났다.

the church dominated byzantine and gothic art of the middle ages.
교회는 중세의 비잔틴과 고딕 예술이 지배하고 있었다.

the market for consumer goods is huge , but so is the competition.
소비재 시장은 규모가 크지만 그만큼 경쟁도 심하다.

the alcohol preventive education program for elementary school students.
초등학생 음주예방 교육 프로그램.

the urban development system development the actual condition comparison valuation in cheongju city.
청주시 도시개발체계와 개발실태의 비교평가.

the urban village movement and the new urbanism movement.
서구의 지속가능한 도시건축 이념과 실천사례.

the traffic was heavily congested from the freeway entrance.
고속도로 진입로부터 차가 심하게 밀렸다.

the case is as baffling as ever.
그 사건은 여전히 미궁에 빠져 있다.

the case is actionable.
이 사건은 소송이 될 수 있다.

the case was referred to the disciplinary committee.
그 사건은 징계위원회에 회부되었다.

the case was remitted to a lower court.
그 사건은 하급 법원에 회부되었다.

the case involves a hoard of silver and jewels valued at up to $40m.
가정 주부들은 설탕이 품귀가 된 시기에 사재기를 했다.

the metropolitan library kept a record of ancient egyptian royal portraits.
그 대도시 도서관은 고대 이집트 왕 초상화들에 대한 기록을 가지고 있었다.

the metropolitan fire department has had to respond to our offices seven times this year - three times this month alone.
메트로폴리탄 소방서에서 금년에 7차례나 우리 회사의 화재경보를 듣고 출동했는데 , 이 달에만도 세 번이나 됩니다.

the future of a quiet daily commute with city landmarks at your feet could be only five years away.
앞으로 5년 후면 도시 명소들을 발 아래 두고 매일 조용하게 통근할 미래가 펼쳐질 수도 있습니다.

the future of dwarf planets is , hence , uncertain.
따라서 , 왜성에 대한 미래는 불확실합니다.

the future progressing strategy of the private investment project of the construction corporations to prepare for the soc market change.
soc시장변화에 대비한 건설사의 민간투자사업 향후 추진전략.

the ones that did not reproduce earlier than they died , disappeared.
자신이 죽기 전에 번식하지 못하는 것들은 사라져 버립니다.

the rugby game was another war of attrition.
그 럭비 경기는 또 다른 의미의 소모전이었다.

the masked dance-dramas of the joseon dynasty consist mainly of scenes satirizing and ridiculing the landed gentry.
조선 시대의 가면극은 양반에 대한 풍자와 조롱을 주 내용으로 했다.

the control of vertical vibration of building slabs using tuned mass dampers.
동조질량 감쇠기에 의한 건물 바닥판의 연직진동제어.

the control and suppression of piracy and other lawless acts at sea calls for a concerted effort and deliberate regional response.
해상에서의 해적 행위 및 다른 무법 행위들을 통제하고 방지하려면 지역 간의 긴밀한 공조 체제가 필요하다.

the senate must continuously consider the measure before the law is passed.
의원은 법안이 통과되기 전에 그 조처에 대해 끊임없이 고려해야만 합니다.

the enemy advanced under cover of night.
적은 어둠을 틈타 밀어닥쳤다.

the enemy fired machine guns blindly.
적이 기관총을 난사했다.

the ingredients for continued economic growth are present and i am very pleased.
지속적인 경제 성장의 여건들이 현재 갖추어져 있어 대단히 기쁩니다.

the meat is stringy.
고기가 질기군요.

the line of fire shows us where the shooter stood.
탄도는 사수가 어디에 서 있었는지 우리에게 보여준다.

the storm blew the house sky-high.
폭풍은 집을 완전히 파괴했다.

the combination of good facilities and close proximity to the beach has many analysts predicting that seaville will be the sunshine coast's next growth area.
훌륭한 시설과 해변까지의 근접함 , 이 두 가지를 고려하여 많은 전문가들은 시빌이 선샤인코스트의 다음 번 성장 지역이 될 것으로 예상하고 있다.

the university of oxford and the university of cambridge , collectively known as oxbridge , are the two oldest and most famous universities in england.
총체적으로 " 옥스브리지 " 로 알려진 옥스퍼드 대학과 캠브리지 대학은 영국에서 가장 오래되고 가장 유명한 두 개의 대학이다.

the university has declared a moratorium on new construction , and all projects that have not yet broken ground are on hold indefinitely.
그 대학은 건물 신축에 대한 유예를 선언해서 아직 시작되지 않은 공사는 전부 무기한 보류된다.

the university administration took disciplinary action against the students on strike.
대학 행정부는 데모 중인 학생들에게 징계처분을 취했다.

the fashion company had to send its own e-mails to counter the calumny which happened on april fools day.
그 패션 회사는 만우절 날 발생한 비방에 맞서기 위해서 스스로 이메일을 보내야만 했다.

the desire to avoid stress may also lead people to avoid potentially beneficial changes in their lives , such as job changes or promotions.
스트레스를 피하고자 하는 욕망은 또한 사람들로 하여금 살면서 직업을 바꾸거나 승진 같은 잠재적으로 이로운 기회를 회피하게 됩니다.

the ground has a mantle of snow.
땅에 눈이 덮여 있다.

the ground has been settling in this area for several years.
이 지역에서는 지반 침하 현상이 몇 년째 계속되고 있다.

the ground rose steeply all around.
땅은 온 사방으로 가파른 오르막을 이루고 있었다.

the reporters and writers are in the newsroom preparing for tonight's broadcast.
기자들과 작가들은 뉴스 편집실에서 오늘 밤 방송을 준비하고 있다.

the survey , conducted by a major japanese watchmaker , also suggested that japanese women are even more concerned than men about punctuality.
일본의 주요 시계 제조업체에서 실시한 이번 조사에서는 또한 일본 여성들이 남성보다 시간 엄수에 대해 훨씬 더 걱정하는 것으로 드러났다.

the survey showed that 32% of respondents approve , 54% disapprove and the rest are undecided.
조사에 따르면 응답자의 32%는 찬성 , 54%는 반대 , 그리고 나머지는 결정을 내리지 않았다.

the world's second largest beer maker has lost a hostile takeover offer for china's harbin brewery.
세계 제2위의 맥주 제조 업체가 중국 하얼빈 맥주에 제시한 적대적 인수합병에 실패했습니다.

the restaurant is at 54 madison street.
그 식당은 매디슨가 54번지에 있다.

the restaurant is overflowing with koreans.
레스토랑이 한국 사람들로 넘치는군요.

the speed can be controlled , allowing as much or as little moisture in the air as desired.
속도는 조절 가능하므로 원하는 만큼 공기 중에 수분양을 방출할 수 있습니다.

the german attack on the island of crete in may , 1941 involved 22 , 500 paratroopers and 80 gliders.
1941년 5월 크레타 섬에서의 독일의 공격은 22 , 500명의 낙하산 부대와 80대의 활공기가 동원되었다.

the iron gate was (all) covered with rust.
철문은 잔뜩 녹슬어 있었다.

the chemical assay showed that it contained a poisonous substance.
화학 분석 결과 독극물이 검출되었다.

the supply of oil has diminished.
석유 공급이 줄었다.

the supply of phds in drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (dmpk)-related sciences has fluctuated over the past 10 years.
지난 10년동안 약물대사학과 과학과 관련된 약물동력학의 박사들의 공급은 등락을 거듭했다.

the balloon flies to the upper ether.
풍선은 창공 높이 올라갔다.

the pregnant woman was highly strung.
임신한 여인은 신경이 극도로 예민해졌다.

the north has dropped slanderous verbal attacks on the southern regime.
북한은 남한 정부에 대한 중상 비방을 중단했다.

the north koreans have not worked out mutually acceptable debt-repayment agreement with china.
북한은 중국과 상호 수락할 수 있는 부채 상환 협정을 마련하지 않았다.

the former presidents also face charges of sedition in crushing a 1980 prodemocracy uprising in kwangju that killed more than 200 people.
전직 대통령들도 1980년 200명 이상이 희생된 광주 민주화 운동을 진압한 것에 관해서 내란 혐의를 받고 있다.

the former swiss diplomat said the i.c.r.c. would keep seeking access to detainees.
전 스위스 외교관은 국제적십자위원회(icrc)가 수감자들에 대한 접근을 계속 모색할 것이라고 말했습니다.

the former sailor is now on the beach.
전직 선원이 지금은 실직했다.

the goal is to avoid further confusion.
목표는 더이상의 혼란을 피하는 것이다.

the goal of dianetics is to help the individual become free of these inhibitions.
다이어네틱스의 목표는 각 개인이 이러한 강박관념에서 벗어나는 것을 도와주는 것이다.

the moon in the sky is on the wane.
하늘의 달이 이울기 시작했다.

the moon has a diameter of about 3 , 476 kilometers.
달의 지름은 약 3 , 476 킬로미터다.

the moon hangs high in the sky.
달이 중천에 걸려 있다.

the leading lights of the wireless world are discussing what's next in the mobile phone sector.
무선업계의 지도급 인사들이 이동전화 부문의 향후 전망을 논의하고 있습니다.

the actress was like a chameleon , as she always became the character herself that she was playing.
그 여배우는 카멜레온과 같이 항상 자신이 연기하는 바로 그 인물이 되었다.

the actress says she is obsessed by cooking , eating and playing with food , though custard make her cringe.
그 여배우는 요리하고 먹고 음식을 즐기는 것을 좋아하지만 커스타드를 보면 몸이 움츠려진다고 말한다.

the actress spoke aside on the stage.
배우는 무대에서 방백을 했다.

the role of interior architecture design in enhancing healing power.
치유환경 발전을 위한 실내건축계의 역할.

the role of unsold new housing stocks in the housing market.
주택시장에서의 미분양 아파트의 역할에 대한 실증분석.

the role sounds like it could be a breakthrough for sera.
이번 역으로 세라는 획기적인 대 전환을 맞이 할 것으로 보인다.

the news of the big fire was widespread in germany.
그 대형 화재 소식은 독일에 널리 퍼졌다.

the news of his resignation was a bombshell.
그의 사임 소식은 날벼락이었다.

the news of his resignation was dropping a bombshell.
그의 사임소식은 폭탄선언이었다.

the news about the military shakeup was came to the press , promoting the korean government to announce the plan one day earlier than scheduled.
군부 개편에 관한 뉴스가 인쇄에 돌려지자 한국 정부는 그 계획을 예정보다 하루 앞당겨 발표했다.

the news had a destabilizing effect on the stock market.
그 소식의 영향으로 주식 시장이 불안정해졌다.

the news sent a chill to the marrow of my bones.
그 말을 들으니 온 몸에 소름이 끼친다.

the news agency said it took an hour for mir-1 and mir-2 , each carrying one pilot , to reach the seabed at a depth of 1 , 311 meters , 47 nautical miles north of russia's northernmost archipelago , franz josef land in the barents sea.
이 통신사는 각각 한 명의 조종사를 태운 미르-1과 미르-2가 러시아의 최남단 군도인 프란츠 조제프 섬 북쪽의 깊이 1 , 311 미터 , 해리 47의 해저에 도달하는 데 한 시간이 걸렸다고 합니다.

the news discouraged me.=i was discouraged at the news.
나는 그 소식에 낙담했다.

the newspapers are headlining a story about the watergate scandal.
신문들은 워터게이트 사건을 대서특필하고 있다.

the newspapers and tv bashed the politician daily.
뉴스와 신문에서 연일 그 정치인을 비난했다.

the report on the scrutiny study was submitted to the council early in 2003 and accepted without demur.
안보 연구에 관한 보고서가 2003년 초에 위원회에 제출되었고 아무런 이의 없이 받아들여졌다.

the report on company member of sarek : lg machinery.
lg기계.

the report remains to be confirmed. or we are in expectation of further details.
후보를 기다리고 있다.

the report found that dietary fiber helps lower blood cholesterol , and people who eat more dietary fiber have a lower risk of heart disease.
그 보고서는 식이 섬유가 혈중 콜레스테롤 수치를 저하시키므로 섬유질 식품을 보다 많이 섭취하는 사람들은 심장병 발생 위험이 낮다고 밝혔다.

the report also says that , in some cases , terrorists are using the same networks as international crime syndicates to hide their activity.
이 보고서는 또한 일부 경우에는 테러분자들이 그들의 활동을 숨기기 위해 국제범죄조직과 동일한 조직망을 이용하기도 한다고 밝혔습니다.

the report argues that al-qaida leaders continue to inspire terror acts.
이 보고서는 알-카에다 지도자들이 계속 테러행동을 부추기고 있다고 주장했습니다.

the report predicts the world economy will continue to strengthen despite some downside risks , and that world trade will expand by seven percent in 2006.
이 보고서는 일부 하락세 조짐에도 불구하고 계속 강세를 보일 것이고 올해 2006년에는 세계경제가 7%정도 확장될 것으로 전망했습니다.

the passengers are crowding onto the platform.
승객들이 플랫폼으로 모여들고 있다.

the passengers sustained severe wounds from the train crash.
승객들은 열차 충돌사고로 중상을 입었다.

the materials needed to make a compass are : a sewing needle about one to two inches long a small bar magnet or refrigerator magnet a small piece of cork , like a wine bottle cork (not the plastic corks) a small glass or cup of water filled half-way a pair of pliers a pair of scissors (to cut the cork) the directions for assembling the compass are : rub the magnet over the needle a few times , always in the same direction , to magnetize the needle.
나침반을 만들기 위해 필요한 재료는 : 1-2인치 길이의 바늘 작은 막대 자석 혹은 냉장고 자석 작은 코르크 조각 , 와인병 코르크 같은 것(플라 스틱 코르크가 아니라) 물이 반 담긴 작은 유리잔 혹은 물컵 펜치 가위(코르크를 자르기 위한) 나침반을 조립하기 위한 방향 : 바늘에 자석을 몇 번 문지르는데 , 항상 같은 방향으로 , 바늘이 자성을 갖도록 하세요.

the large pulse laser does little damage per shot , but its low recycle time allows for multiple shots within a short period.
대형 펄스 레이저는 발사당 파괴력은 매우 약하지만 충전 시간이 짧아 단시간에 여러 번 발사할 수 있습니다.

the aircraft carrier has 1 , 000 workers and 30 airplanes.
그 항공모함은 1 , 000 명의 승무원과 30대의 비행기를 탑재한다.

the federal aviation administration is planning tighter rules on maintenance of old aircraft.
미국 연방 항공국은 낡은 항공기의 정비에 관해 더 엄격한 규정을 계획하고 있다.

the rules of the house require that committee chairmen be elected from nominations submitted by the majority party caucus at the commencement of each congress.
하원의 규칙은 위원회 의장은 각 의회의 시작에서 주요 정당 회의에 의해 보내진 후보자등록에서 선출되도록하고 있다.

the rules of macro-economics are counter-intuitive.
거시경제학의 규칙들은 반직관적이다.

the maintenance cost must be pretty hefty for such a big house.
집이 그렇게 크니 유지비가 만만치 않을 것이다.

the larger the blade , the windmill seems the slower they move.
풍차의 프로펠러 날개가 클수록 더 천천히 움직입니다.

the cost is only $35.00 plus $6 for shipping and handling charges.
가격은 단 35달러로 여기에 운송.취급료 6달러가 추가됩니다.

the cost of renting a car at that place is daylight robbery.
저쪽의 랜터카 비용은 완전히 바가지 요금이다.

the cost of installing the fiber-optic network is moderate when measured against its usefulness.
광 네트워크 설치 비용은 그 효율성을 따져 볼 때 비싼 것이 아니다.

the cost can be prohibitive , especially when considered on a national scale.
그 비용은 특히 전국적인 규모로 고려될 때 엄청나게 비쌀 수 있습니다.

the gulf is more saline than the indian ocean.
페르시아 만은 인도양보다 더 염분이 많다.

the prices are just too steep for us.
우리한테는 물가가 너무 비싸더군요.

the prices of agro and livestock products have greatly increased.
농축산물 가격이 크게 올랐다.

the authorities are quite emphatic in denying the report.
당국은 그 보도를 단호히 부정하고 있다.

the museum of botany welcomes comments and suggestions from the public.
본 식물원은 일반 시민의 논평과 제언을 환영합니다.

the museum sends its house organ to employees and members.
그 박물관은 직원들과 회원들에게 사보를 보낸다.

the spokesman said that the purpose of reorganizing the company is " to increase efficiency ".
회사 조직 개편의 목적은 " 효율성을 증가 시키는 것 " 이라고 대변인이 말했다.

the united nations high commission for refugees.
유엔 최고 난민 위원회.

the united nations atomic watchdog has issued a resolution harshly critical of iran's cooperation with the agency regarding its nuclear program.
유엔의 핵 감시기구인 국제원자력기구는 핵 프로그램에 대한 이란의 협력을 신랄하게 비난하는 결의문을 발표했습니다.

the united nations agency is pleading to donor nations to ensure that food aid programs in afghanistan can continue for the rest of this year.
wfp는 아프가니스탄에 대한 식량지원 게획이 올해 남은 기간동안에도 계속될 수 있도록 도와달라고 기부국들에게 호소했습니다.

the united nations joined in the first earth day.
국제 연합이 첫 번째 지구의 날에 참여했다.

the united states has expressed its concern about the threat of islamic extremism in this mostly secular muslim region.
미국은 가장 세속적인 이 이슬람권에서 이슬람 극단주의의 위협 가능성에 대해 우려를 나타내왔습니다.

the united states environmental protection agency is re-examining its air pollution rules.
미국 환경보호국은 대기오염 관련 법규를 재검토하고 있습니다.

the public has an ambivalent attitude to the pto.
대중은 pto에대해 상반된 태도를 취하고 있다.

the public sector needs to cumulate the kind of fundamental process changes introduced by the best private sector companies.
공공분야는 최고의 사기업들에 의해 도입된 근본적인 절차 변화의 종류를 쌓아올릴 필요가 있다.

the public finances are on a precipice.
공공 재정은 벼량 끝에 있다.

the extraordinary man prophesied another war.
비범한 남자는 또 다른 전쟁을 예언하였다.

the poll found that the average employee spends 27 minutes commuting to work each morning.
조사 결과 보통 직원은 매일 아침 직장에 출근하는 데 27분을 소비하는 것으로 나타났다.

the response to north korea is in sharp contrast with that to iran.
북한에 대한 반응은 이란에 대한 것과는 뚜렷한 대조를 이루고 있다.

the response of the uk's legal system to the illegal wildlife trade is inconsistent.
불법 야생동물 거래에 대한 영국 법조계의 반응은 모순적이다.

the assembly was mandated to draft a constitution.
그 회의에 규약의 초안을 작성할 수 있는 권한이 주어졌다.

the assembly hall stands in stately glory in the center of town.
의사당은 도시의 중심부에 높이 솟아 그 위용을 자랑하고 있다.

the forests play a large part in turning carbon monoxide into oxygen.
숲은 일산화탄소를 산소로 바꾸는 커다란 하나의 장소이다.

the article was long on spite and short on fact.
그 기사는 사실보다는 악의적인 면이 많았다.

the article presents a somewhat lopsided view of events.
그 기사는 사건에 대해 약간 한쪽으로 치우친 견해를 제시하고 있다.

the article reviewed the most romantic and secluded places for intimacy , inside your car.
그 기사는 몰래 정을 통할 수 있는 가장 낭만적이고 은밀한 장소로 본인의 자가용 안을 꼽았습니다.

the un warned infection rates are rising among women and girls and across asia and the former soviet bloc.
유엔은 에이즈 감염률이 여성 인구 중에서 , 그리고 아시아 및 구소련 지역에서 더욱 증가하고 있다고 경고했습니다.

the global economic downturn is being felt very hard in asia.
세계적인 경기 하강이 아시아에서는 더욱 심각하게 느껴집니다.

the global star cellular phone has more versatile features than any other cellular phone on the market today.
글로벌스타 휴대폰은 현재시중에 나와 있는 어떤 휴대폰들보다도 더 다양한 옵션 기능을 갖추고 있습니다.

the sudden drop in crude oil prices has had an unsettling effect on the oil sector , dramatically lowering share prices.
원유가의 갑작스런 하락은 불안감을 야기했고 , 석유부문에서 주가를 크게 떨어뜨렸다.

the predators are sophisticated in the use of computers and talented in their manipulation of children.
약탈자들은 컴퓨터를 이용하고 어린이들을 다루는데 있어서 능수능란합니다.

the predators count on our willingness to avert our eyes from the unpleasant , to succeed in their pursuit of illegal images of minors.
약탈자들은 불쾌한 일들로부터 눈을 돌리려는 일반인들의 보편적 심리를 이용해 불법적인 미성년자의 사진들을 성공적으로 입수하고 있다는 것입니다.

the sight of a shark' s dorsal fin above the water is enough to clear the sea of swimmers.
물 위로 상어의 등 지느러미가 보이는 것만으로도 수영하던 사람들이 모두 바다 밖으로 빠져 나오게 하기에 충분했다.

the sight of cows in the fields would captivate me.
들판의 소의 관경은 나를 매혹시켰다.

the trade representative for the united states (susan schwab) said the meetings have reached " a standoff " but she said she wanted to continue the talks.
수잔 슈왑 미국 대표는 회의가 교착상태에 빠졌다고 말하고 , 그러나 회의가 계속되기를 원한다고 덧붙였습니다.

the trade deficit grew from over $6 billion in 1989 to $125 billion in 2003.
1989년 60억 달러 남짓하던 무역 적자가 2003년에는 1천250억 달러로 불어났습니다.

the firemen connected the hose to the hydrant.
소방관들은 급수전에 호스를 연결했다.

the flying car can transform itself from a sporty car into a personal airplane.
하늘을 나는 차는 세련된 자동차에서 개인 비행기로 전환될 수 있습니다.

the per capita national income is now 13 per cent.
1인당 국민소득이 현재 13퍼센트에 달한다.

the artistic content is hardly offensive.
예술 내용은 공격적인 경우가 드물다.

the neighbors are disgusted by the smell from her pigs.
이웃들은 그녀의 돼지들에게서 나는 냄새 때문에 구역질을 한다.

the plucky , disciplined indomitability she brings to her performances , even more than the artistry she displays within them , may be the secret of her appeal , the source of her bond with the audience.
사실 , 영화 속에서 보여지는 그녀의 연기력보다 그 연기에서 배어 나오는 그녀 내면의 용기와 절제된 불굴의 의지야말로 그녀가 가진 매력의 비밀이고 , 관객과 그녀를 이어주는 끈이 되는 것일지도 모른다.

the farmers will wind up on mountainsides , where the soil is poor.
농부들은 토양이 척박한 산악지대로 옮겨야 할 것이라고 지적합니다.

the average noise at the air force base is about seventy decibels.
그 공군기지의 평균 소음은 약 70데시벨이다.

the average life span of korean people is eighty.
한국 사람의 평균 수명은 80이다.

the average match rate is more than 40 per cent.
평균 일치율은 40퍼센트 이상이다.

the korean government also toughened penalties for libel to make reporters more accountable.
한국 정부는 기자들이 믿을만한 보도를 하도록 명예훼손 처벌도 강화했다.

the korean legend of imoogi , where a serpent tries to turn into a dragon , will soon be making its way into american and korean theaters later this year.
뱀이 용이 되려고 시도한다는 이무기에 대한 한국의 전설이 올해 말 미국과 한국의 극장을 찾아올 거예요.

the korean peninsula is a blessed land.
한반도는 축복 받은 땅이다.

the harvest is dependent upon the weather.
수확은 날씨에 좌우된다.

the harvest was completed in october.
추수는 10월에 다 끝났다.

the price of oil dipped today by $2.00 a barrel.
오늘 석유값이 배럴당 2달러 떨어졌습니다.

the price of housing in suburbia is sky high.
교외 도시의 집값이 치솟는다.

the price of apples are reasonable.
사과 가격이 비싸지 않다.

the price of cabbage dropped sharply.
배추 값이 갯값으로 폭락했다.

the wild horse was trying to buck the cowboy.
그 야생마는 카우보이를 떨어뜨리려고 하고 있었다.

the five months concert tour will be under the theme of yb history after 10 years.
5개월 간의 콘서트 투어는 " 10년 후 yb의 역사 " 라는 주제하에 진행될 거예요.

the student read his poem aloud in class.
그 학생은 수업 시간에 자신의 시를 큰 소리로 읽었다.

the student was sick as a parrot.
학생은 몹시 낙담했다.

the student has the chapter taped out.
학생은 그 단원을 완전히 이해했다.

the student gave a clear , crisp answer to the teacher's question.
학생은 선생님의 질문에 명확하게 답했다.

the student dug his heels in and refused to take the exam.
그 학생은 시험 보는 것을 완강히 거부했다.

the age of digital revolution is down the pike.
디지털 혁명의 시대가 다가오고 있다.

the age of chivalry is not dead.
기사도는 아직 살아 있다.

the same as all of your other horoscope wishful-thinking moments : just lip service.
희망적인 얘기만 하는 다른 별점들과 매한가지. 듣기 좋은 말일 뿐이다.

the same happened with real madrid.
똑같은 일이 레알 마드리드에 일어났다.

the same applies to weightlifting , cycling etc.
역도 , 싸이클링 등에도 똑같이 적용됩니다.

the pitcher struck out nine batters today.
그 투수는 오늘 탈삼진이 9개였다.

the prince consort.
여왕의 부군.

the indian people called him mahatma.
인도인들은 그를 마하트마라고 불렀다.

the indian lore that's found in the grand canyon region attests to the canyon's importance in human history.
그랜드 캐년 지역에서 전해 내려오는 인디안들의 이야기는 인류 역사에서 그랜드 캐년이 가지는 중요성을 증언해 준다.

the indian touched wood after self-flattering.
그 인디언은 자기 자랑 후에 목재에 손을 댔다.

the sixth amendment also includes the right to self representation.
여섯번 째 개정안은 자기표현의 권리를 포함하고 있다.

the sixth installment was originally planned for release in november this year , but was pushed back until july 2009 by film company warner bros.
여섯 번째 영화는 원래 올해 11월에 개봉하기로 예정되어 있었지만 , 영화사 워너 브라더스에 의해서 2009년 7월까지 연기되었습니다.

the fbi probe comes as the federal government is menacing to indict journalists who publish classified information and reject to reveal their sources.
fbi의 이 같은 조치는 죠지 부쉬 대통령 행정부가 정부의 기밀정보 내용을 보도하고 그 출처를 밝히지 않는 언론인들을 기소하겠다고 위협하 고 있는 것과 맞물려 언론계는 물론 의회차원에서도 비상한 관심을 끌고 있습니다.

the pipe tobacco that he smokes is aromatic.
그가 피는 파이프 담배는 향이 좋다.

the gold coast in queensland is a very good example.
퀸즈랜드의 황금 해안은 좋은 예 중의 하나다.

the gold bullion i had stored in the safe was stolen.
금고에 보관해 두었던 금괴를 도난당했다.

the father's desertion of the family left them with no support.
아버지가 가족을 버렸기 때문에 그들을 부양할 사람이 없어졌다.

the characters in the play are spiritless and powerless intellectuals who seek only for ideals.
연극 속의 인물들은 이상만을 추구하는 영혼이 없고 힘없는 지식인들입니다.

the murder case fell into the shade.
그 살인사건은 세상에서 잊혀졌다.

the murder suspect evidenced surprise upon seeing the weapon in court.
살인 용의자는 법정에서 (증거로 제출된) 무기를 보고 놀란 표정이었다.

the master national pension plan and its social economic effects : book review (written in korean).
국민연금제도의 기본구상과 경제사회 파급효과 : 서평.

the loss of her job depressed her.
실직에 그 여자는 낙담했다.

the internet is the most common media to experience digital films.
인터넷은 디지털 영화를 경험할 수 있는 가장 보편화된 매체입니다.

the internet has been a major boon to deaf or hearing-impaired people , who now have e-mail in lieu of the telephone.
인터넷은 전화를 대신해서 이메일을 사용할 수 있어서 청각장애자에게는 좋은 혜택이 돼 왔다.

the man's dog is off its leash.
남자의 개는 끈에 묶여 있지 않다.

the man's necktie is caught in the door.
남자의 넥타이가 문에 끼였다.

the maple leaf has always been an emblem of canada.
단풍잎은 언제나 캐나다의 상징이였다.

the processing plant is scheduled to start test operations next winter.
이 가공 공장은 내년 겨울에 시험 가동될 예정입니다.

the dog's tongue was lolling out.
개의 혀가 축 늘어져 있었다.

the dog's owner , however , has a more avaricious plan in mind.
하지만 그 개의 주인은 더 탐욕스러운 계획을 생각하고 있다.

the stupid girl was cruising for a bruising.
그 어리석은 소녀는 일부러 위험성 있는 짓을 했다.

the center's business hours are monday through friday 5 : 00 a.m.-6 : 00 p.m. and saturdays and sundays 6 : 00 a.m.-3 : 00 p.m.
고객 서비스 센터의 영업 시간은 월요일부터 금요일까지는 오전 5시부터 오후 6시이고 , 토요일과 일요일은 오전 6시부터 오후 3시입니다.

the muslims consider the depictions of mohammed blasphemous.
이슬람권 사람들은 마호메트의 만화들을 신성모독이라고 여긴다.

the violent man shook his fist in my face.
그 폭력적인 사람이 내 면전에 주먹 휘둘렀다.

the deadly serial killer has been stalking and killing young coeds.
그 극악한 연쇄 살인범은 젊은 여대생들의 뒤를 쫓아가 살해해왔다.

the anger he felt is manifest in his paintings.
그가 느낀 분노가 그의 그림에 분명히 나타나 있다.

the anger citizens hung the corrupt politician in effigy.
화난 시민들은 부패한 정치인의 형상을 만들어 교수형에 처했다.

the country's official languages are maltese and english.
몰타의 공식언어는 몰타어와 영어이다.

the country's highest judicial body , headed by king sihamoni , approved the list , which includes both cambodian and international jurists.
시하모니 국왕이 이끄는 캄보디아 최고 사법 기구인 최고법관회의는 국내 및 국제 판사들이 포함된 이들 판사 명단을 승인했습니다.

the country's swift descent into anarchy.
그 나라가 급격히 무정부 상태로 추락함.

the avalanche trapped the mountain climbers.
눈사태로 등산객들의 발이 묶였다.

the level of political particaipation rose to unprecedented level.
정치에 대한 참여도가 전례없는 수준까지 증가했다.

the path of learning is long and winding.
배움의 길은 멀고도 험하다.

the path specified for dynamic updates '%s' is not accessible. setup can not continue.
설치 파일 업데이트 '%s'의 지정된 경로에 액세스할 수 없습니다. 설치를 계속할 수 없습니다.

the survivors in this life seem to be those who are adaptable to change.
이 생활에서 살아남는 사람들은 변화에 적응할 수 있는 사람들일 것이다.

the document did not indicate whether the shipment had arrived.
서류에 선적품 도착 여부는 명시돼 있지 않았다.

the document purports to be official.
그 서류는 공문서로 되어 있다.

the factory is no longer economically viable.
그 공장은 더 이상 경제적으로 성공 가능성이 없다.

the factory produces propellant for ballistic missiles.
그 공장은 탄도 미사일에 장착하는 추진 연료를 생산한다.

the factory runs on two-shift rosters.
그 공장은 2교대로 운영되고 있다.

the seats on the plane were oversold.
그 비행기 좌석 표가 초과 판매되었던 것이다.

the zone reload from master was not executed.
마스터에서의 영역 다시 로드를 실행하지 못했습니다.

the largest moon is triton.
가장 큰 달은 트리톤이에요.

the largest contingent was from the united states.
가장 대규모 대표단은 미국 대표단이었다.

the largest producer of biofuel is brazil.
생물 원료의 가장 큰 생산지는 브라질이다.

the largest turtle in the world is the leatherback sea turtle.
세계에서 가장 큰 거북이는 장수 거북입니다.

the largest liger alive today is called hercules.
오늘날 생존하고 있는 가장 큰 라이거의 이름은 헤라클레스입니다.

the conference hall was swarming with newspaper reporters.
회의장에는 신문 기자들이 우글거렸다.

the train is timed to reach busan at 2 : 30.
그 열차는 2시 30분에 부산에 도착할 예정이다.

the train was full to capacity. or the train was packed like sardines.
기차는 빈틈없이 찼다.

the train has already departed from thestation.
열차는 이미 역을 떠났다.

the train started an hour late.
기차가 한 시간 연발했다.

the availability of fake ids through the internet could undermine the efforts to stop underage drinking.
인터넷을 통해서 가짜 신분증을 살 수 있기 때문에 미성년자의 음주를 막으려는 노력이 무너질 수 있다.

the parking garage attendant is waving him over there.
저쪽에서 주차장 직원이 그에게 손짓하고 있어요.

the newly established government has not agreed on defense and interior ministers.
새로 수립된 이라크 정부는 국방장관과 내무 장관의 선임에 합의를 이루지 못하고 있습니다.

the newly constructed ambassador luxury apartments are available for rent.
신축된 앰배서더 럭서리 아파트를 세놓습니다.

the newly decorated office belongs to one of the executives.
새로 단장한 사무실은 중역 중 한 사람이 쓸 것이다.

the waste of plenty is the resource of scarcity.
풍요의 낭비는 부족의 원천이다.

the note is due on the 25th inst.
이 어음은 오는 25일이 만기이다.

the value of sterling increased against the japanese currency.
일본 통화 대비 영국 통화가 절상됐다.

the group is accused of brainwashing its young members.
그 단체는 젊은 회원들을 세뇌시킨다는 비난을 받고 있다.

the group was allied to this one.
그 단체는 이 단체와 동류이다.

the group paid roughly $4 million for the tiger head and two bronze companion pieces , an ox and a monkey.
그 그룹은 호랑이 두상과 짝을 이루는 다른 2개의 수소와 원숭이 청동제 작품에 약 4백만 달러라는 돈을 지불했다.

the group meets on a regular basis , usually weekly or biweekly.
급여 지급 주기가 격주에서 매월로 바뀐대요.

the group joins hands with several organizations abroad.
그 그룹은 해외의 여러 기관과 제휴하고 있다.

the press cast her wealth and lifestyle in her teeth.
언론은 그녀의 부와 삶의 방식에 대해서 비난했다.

the press secretary serves as the president's mouthpiece.
언론 담당 비서관이 대통령의 대변인을 한다.

the weather is very changeable in the springtime.
봄에는 날씨가 변화무쌍하다.

the weather is perfect for an outing.
놀러 가기에는 그만인 날씨다.

the weather was muggy and without a breath of wind.
바람 한 점 없는 무더운 날씨였다.

the weather has been capricious recently.
최근의 날씨는 변덕스러웠다.

the range of her voice is astonishing.
그녀의 성역은 놀랍게 넓다.

the art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
산다는 것은 댄서의 기술보다는 레슬러의 기술에 더 깝다.

the art museum has a collection of ancient gold and silver coins.
그 미술박물관은 고대 금화와 은화들을 소장하고 있다.

the selected server does not support remote administration. you can only manage shares on this server when working locally.
선택한 서버가 원격 관리를 지원하지 않습니다. 지역적으로 작업하면 이 서버의 공유만 관리할 수 있습니다.

the plant can control water loss primarily by closing its stomata.
식물은 주로 기공을 닫음으로써 수분손실을 방지한다.

the plant was choked (up) with weeds.
그 식물은 잡초 때문에 말라 버렸다.

the plant originated in south america , and later it was cultivated in central america.
그 식물의 원산지는 남아메리카이고 후에는 중앙아메리카에서 경작됐었어.

the colors you see when you look at a cd are made by diffraction.
여러분이 cd를 바라볼 때 보이는 색은 회절에 의해 만들어진다.

the colors look somewhat like wispy clouds.
이 색깔은 성긴 구름처럼 보여요.

the leaves are arrow-shaped , clasping the stem , while a related species , halberd-leaved tearthumb , has leaves shaped like medieval axe-heads.
잎들은 화살 모양이고 , 줄기를 에워싸고 있는 반면 , 관련 종인 미늘창 잎의 tearthumb은 중세의 도끼 머리 같은 모양의 잎을 가지고 있습니 다.

the leaves of certain trees are poisonous to cattle.
어떤 나무들의 잎은 소에게 유독하다.

the leaves continued to vibrate in the breeze.
나뭇잎이 미풍에 계속 흔들렸다.

the perfect place for a romantic tryst.
로맨틱한 밀회를 위한 완벽한 장소.

the perfect example of that was afghanistan.
아프가니스탄은 이와 관련한 가장 좋은 사례이다.

the process of splitting one species into two is called speciation.
한 종이 두 종으로 분리되는 과정은 종 분화라고 불린다.

the process by which malignant cancer cells multiply is not fully understood.
악성 암세포가 증식하는 과정은 아직 완전히 밝혀지지 않았다.

the feast of trumpets is carried out as part of some religious ceremonies.
신년제는 종교 의식의 일부로서 행해진다.

the tourists are shopping for souvenirs.
관광객들이 기념품을 사고 있다.

the strike triggered mass protests in pakistan.
이번 공습으로 파키스탄에서는 대규모 시위가 벌어졌습니다.

the green belt in my area is sacrosanct.
우리지역의 녹지대는 신성불가침한 지역이다.

the inheritance was equally distributed between the brothers.
유산은 형제들에게 균분되었다.

the dominant voice within the current movement is pc feminism.
최근 운동에 있어 지배적 목소리는 pc페미니즘이다.

the dominant groups tend to have control over the subordinate.
세력이 강한 단체는 부하들을 제어하는 경향이 있다.

the scene of the accident was totally gruesome.
사고 현장은 처참하기 그지없었다.

the criminal of the deepest dye was hanged.
극악무도한 범죄자는 교수형에 처해졌다.

the criminal had a knife but the police rejoiced in the possession of a gun.
범인은 칼을 가지고 있었지만 경찰은 다행이도 총을 소유했다.

the criminal went into retreat for a while.
범인은 한동안 은둔했다.

the criminal spoke from his heart.
범죄자는 심중을 토로했다.

the heart lies toward the front of the body , in a slanted position between the lungs , immediately below the breastbone.
심장은 가슴뼈 바로 아래 폐 사이에서 신체의 앞쪽을 향해 기운 자세로 놓여 있다.

the poison has passed into one's system.
독 기운이 전신에 돌았다.

the prisoner was on the help all day long.
하루종일 죄수는 교도소 작업에 사역 당했다.

the minister of education abandoned strait and narrow to reform educational system.
교육부 장관은 교육 제도를 바꾸기 위해 좁고 고정된 방법을 버렸다.

the minister of finance decontrolled prices.
재무부 장관은 가격 통제를 해제했다.

the minister has not assuaged industry concerns entirely.
장관은 기업의 우려를 전부 해소해 주진 못하고 있다.

the wiring in your house should be renewed every ten to fifteen years.
개인 주택의 배선은 10년에서 15년마다 새로 교체를 해 주어야 한다.

the rebels declared the cease-fire thursday after nepal's prime minister promised to draw up a new constitution and to redefine the role of the monarchy.
반군들은 목요일 , 네팔의 총리가 새로운 헌법을 제정하고 , 왕가의 역할을 재정의하겠다고 약속한 후에 휴전을 선언했었습니다.

the era was characterized by political and cultural turbulence.
그 시대는 정치적 문화적 동요가 특징이다.

the central air conditioning in our house cools upstairs and downstairs.
우리 집의 중앙 냉방 장치가 아래층과 위층의 모두 시원하다.

the demonstrators rampaged through the town , smashing windows and setting fire to cars.
시위자들은 창문을 부수고 차에 불을 지르며 도시 여기저기에서 미친 듯이 날뛰었다.

the region has an inexhaustible mine of iron ore.
그 지방의 철광은 무진장이다.

the management of sparklink cordially extends this invitation to mr.* normack clay and the family on the occasion of the sparklink foundation.
스파크링크 사에서는 노오맥 클레이 씨와 그 가족분들을 스파크링크 재단의 창립 50주년 기념 리셉션에 충심으로 초대하는 바입니다.

the troops were ordered back to barracks.
군대에게 병영으로 돌아가라는 명령이 떨어졌다.

the troops also fired tear gas shells.
군대는 최루탄을 발포했습니다.

the rebel groups are insisting on sweeping agrarian reform.
반란세력은 광범위한 토지 개혁을 주장했다.

the characteristics of the periodic flow in a regenerator.
재생기에서 주기적 유동의 특성.

the rate of interest on a car loan is 10%.
자동차 대출 금리는 10퍼센트입니다.

the rate of contraception was also much higher.
피임율 역시 많이 증가했다.

the temperature changes in the green tract of land according to tree planting methods.
식재특성에 따른 녹지내의 기온변화.

the temperature dropped to minus 41 celsius.
그 기온은 섭씨 영하 41도로 떨어졌다.

the pressure of repeated combat deployments is wreaking havoc with family lives.
반복된 전투 전개의 압박이 가족의 삶을 파괴하고 있다.

the truck is laden with goods for market.
그 트럭은 시장에 내다 팔 상품들을 싣고 있었다.

the truck is hauling the trailer behind it.
트럭이 후미에 트레일러를 달고 있다.

the trend toward shorter working hours continues.
근무 시간이 점점 짧아지는 추세가 계속되고 있다.

the storage shed was filled with cobwebs , so i cleared them away.
그 창고에 거미줄 투성이인 것을 내가 없앴다.

the automobile is a necessity in our lives.
자동차는 우리 생활에서 필수품이다.

the introduction of such food scared the sisters and they believed babette was a witch who was going to send them to hell.
그런 음식을 소개한 것은 그 자매들을 놀라게 했고 , 그녀들은 babette가 자신들을 골탕먹이려고 하는 마녀라고 믿었다.

the introduction of new car engines caused excitement in the automobile business.
새로운 자동차 엔진의 도입으로 업계가 활기를 띄었다.

the excitement at the start of a race can really get the adrenalin flowing.
경주가 시작될 때의 흥분은 정말 아드레날린을 듬뿍 솟아나게 만든다.

the pass allows unlimited travel on all public transport in the city.
그 패스가 있으면 모든 시내 대중 교통편을 무제한으로 타고 다닐 수 있다.

the laws of the antebellum american south.
남북 전쟁 전 미국 남부의 법률들.

the ford foundation allotted million dollars for cancer research.
포드 재단은 암 연구에 수백만 달러를 할당했다.

the production is wholly inadequate to meet the demand.
그 생산고로는 도저히 수요를 감당할 수 없다.

the prime minister , he said , had the party' s unequivocal support.
총리는 당의 확실한 지지를 받는다고 그는 말했다.

the prime minister of israel suffered a major hemorrhagic stroke (the accumulation of blood in the cranial vault) a few days ago.
몇일 전 , 이스라엘의 수상은 심각한 출혈성 뇌졸중(두개관에서의 혈액의 축적)을 겪었다.

the prime minister wants to reduce social ladder and make the country a classless society.
총리는 사회 계층을 줄여 그 나라를 계급없는 사회로 만들고 싶어한다.

the prime minister was impeached for taking a bribe.
총리는 뇌물을 받아서 탄핵되었다.

the racing cars zoomed around the course.
경주용 차들이 붕 소리를 내며 코스를 돌았다.

the writing is blurred and difficult to read.
글자가 얼보여서 읽기 어렵다.

the developments in this town represent in microcosm what is happening in the country as a whole.
이 소도시에서의 개발은 국가 전체에서 일어나고 있는 일의 축소판을 보여 준다.

the view from this hotel is quite breathtaking.
이 호텔의 전망은 정말 숨이 막힐 정도입니다.

the landscape had a stark , unworldly beauty.
그 풍경은 완벽한 천상의 아름다움을 지니고 있었다.

the industrial revolution was driven by profound social changes , as europe moved from a primarily agricultural and rural economy to a capitalist and urban economy.
유럽이 농경 중심의 농촌 경제에서 자본주의적인 도시 경제로 이동함에 따라 일어난 격심한 사회적 변화는 산업혁명의 원동력이 되었다.

the industrial revolution led to a shift from 14-hour workdays , common in britain and the u.s. , to 10-hour workdays.
산업혁명은 영국과 미국에서 일반적이었던 하루 14시간 근로시간을 10시간으로 전환시켜 주었습니다.

the industrial engineers attend a four-year program at a polytechnic.
산업공학기사는 기술 전문학교에서 4년 과정을 이수한다.

the remote user has connected to your computer.double-click the icon below to disconnect them.
사용자 컴퓨터에 원격 사용자가 연결했습니다.연결을 끊으려면 아래에 있는 아이콘을 두 번 누르십시오.

the reality of his situation hit me like a ton of bricks.
그가 처해 있는 상황의 실상을 알고나자 충격을 금할 수 없었다.

the data processing department is underplayed.
그 전산실은 소홀히 취급되고 있다.

the data processing department of a bank processes the information about accounts.
은행의 자료처리부서는 계좌 정보를 처리한다.

the engineering report concludes that corrective measures must be taken immediately.
기술 보고서는 시정 조치가 즉각 취해져야 한다고 결론을 내리고있다.

the standardization of open gis interface for ole/com - simple features specification.
ole/com을 위한 개방형 gis 인터페이스 표준 ; 단순 지형지물 사양.

the cleaning crew said they will mop it up.
청소부들이 그것을 닦겠다고 했다.

the fabrication of auto parts is a worldwide industry now.
자동차 부품 제조산업은 현재 세계적인 산업이다.

the standard notation scheme in searching for chemical information.
화학 정보 검색을 위한 표준 표기 체계.

the painting was sold to an unidentified american dealer.
그 그림은 신원 미상의 미국인 중개상에게 팔렸다.

the operations were planned in covert.
작전은 은밀히 계획되었다.

the picture was never intended to be an advert.
그 사진은 광고를 위한 목적이 전혀 없었다.

the picture was painted in several tints of blue.
그 그림은 여러 톤의 파란색으로 칠해졌다.

the picture shows a bullfight taking place at a bullring in madrid on may 25.
이 사진은 5월 25일 마드리드에 있는 투우경기장에서 있었던 투우경기를 보여주고 있다.

the picture shows postal workers busily handling mail and parcels.
이 사진은 우체국 직원들이 바쁘게 우편과 소포들을 처리하고 있는 모습을 보여주고 있다.

the picture hung aslant.
그 그림은 비스듬히 걸려 있었다.

the picture belonged to a jewish family in france , renowned collectors , like so many others , robbed by hitler's trophy hunters.
이 작품은 프랑스에 거주하던 유태인 일가가 소유하고 있던 것으로 , 소유주는 많은 다른 이들처럼 당시 히틀러 치하의 전리품 사냥꾼들에 ( 소장품을) 약탈당한 저명한 수집가였습니다.

the move was widely seen as an attempt to appease critics of the regime.
그 조치는 정권의 비판자들을 달래기 위한 시도로 널리 비춰졌다.

the file %s was not copied correctly or is not a valid windows image.
%s 파일이 올바르게 복사되지 않았거나 , 올바른 windows 이미지가 아닙니다.

the unattended installation file " %1 " was not found.
무인 설치 파일 " %1 " 을(를) 찾을 수 없습니다.

the setup manager wizard was canceled.
설치 관리자 마법사를 취소했습니다.

the bell is massive , weighing over 40 tons.
그 종은 무게가 40톤 이상 나갈 정도로 육중하다.

the bell chimed the children home.
종이 울려 아이들의 귀가를 재촉했다.

the properties of high flowing cement mortar with the content of limestone grain.
석회석 미분말의 함유율 변화에 따른 고유동 모르터의 특성.

the user name may not be the same as the computer name %1.
사용자 이름이 컴퓨터 이름 %1과(와) 같을 수 없습니다.

the wizard is verifying state of each target server. please wait.
마법사가 각 대상 서버의 상태를 확인하는 중입니다. 잠시 기다려 주십시오.

the wizard can not retrieve information for the active directory folder %s.
%s active directory 폴더의 정보를 검색할 수 없습니다.

the wizard helps you create a primary forward lookup zone.
마법사가 주 정방향 조회 영역을 만들도록 도와줍니다.

the answer to this question is on the next page.
이 문제의 답은 다음 페이지에 있습니다.

the diet of developing nations has changed greatly since world war ii , having a tremendous effect on the health and longevity of their populations.
2차 세계 대전 후 개발 도상국의 식생활은 크게 바뀌어서 국민들의 건강과 수명에 막대한 영향을 끼쳤다.

the youths spun the bottle at night.
그 젊은이들은 밤에 병을 돌려서 키스 게임을 하였다.

the customer is going to buy a tableware.
고객이 식기류를 구입하려고 한다.

the customer is claiming the motor was damaged in shipping , and is refusing to pay until a replacement arrives.
그 고객은 모터가 운송 과정에서 파손되었다고 주장하면서 대체품이 도착할 때까지 대금 지불을 거부하고 있다.

the service will be available through a customer serviceline as well as by calling one of our stores.
서비스는 고객 서비스 전화를 통해 이용하실 수 있으며 , 저희 지점들로 전화를 하셔도 됩니다.

the service will be improved by batching and sorting enquiries.
문의 사항들을 함께 묶어 분류를 하면 서비스가 개선될 것이다.

the service could not be started because the service dependency was deleted.
서비스 종속이 삭제되었기 때문에 서비스를 시작할 수 없습니다.

the service could not be started because the service dependency failed.
서비스 종속에 실패했기 때문에 서비스를 시작할 수 없습니다.

the motorist was reproached by the woman trying to cross the street.
그 운전자는 길을 건너려던 여자로부터 꾸지람을 들었다.

the vacuum cleaner was originally a great tool for astronauts in outer space.
진공 청소기는 원래 우주 공간에서 우주 비행사들을 위한 훌륭한 도구였다.

the fourth theme , " dream of modernist " depicts the social movements and opinionated voices of the people.
이네 번째 테마인 , " 근대주의자의 꿈 " 은 사회적인 운동과 사람들의 완고한 목소리를 묘사합니다.

the fourth religion is a popular folk religion.
네 번째 종교는 대중 민속 신앙이다.

the decision would set a most dangerous and unfortunate precedent for news censorship lawsuit.
그 결정은 뉴스 검열 관련 재판 중에서 가장 위험하고 불행한 전례로 남을 수 있다.

the decision led to a temporary halt to the construction project.
재판부의 이 같은 결정은 공사 임시 중단이라는 결과를 가져왔습니다.

the premium paid for their stock has shriveled , and therein lies a buying opportunity.
그들 주식에 지급되는 프리미엄이 줄어드는 가운데 매입장세가 마련되었다.

the chief of a family is usually father.
가장은 주로 아버지이다.

the chief of our section is a real slave driver.
우리 과장은 사람 부리는 것이 거칠다.

the chief investigating coroner says that autopsies showed that at least 26 of the victims were alive but possibly unconscious when the plane crashed.
조사팀의 수석 검시관은 탑승자 시신 부검 결과 , 비행기 추락 당시 희생자들 중 최소한 26명은 살아있었으나 의식이 없었던 것으로 보인다고 말했습니다.

the device will be used for patients suffering from degenerative eye diseases.
이 장치는 퇴행성안질환으로 고생하는 환자들에게 사용될 것이다.

the mercury hit upper 30's in the valley.
내륙 분지에서는 수은주가 30도 이상까지 올라갔었지요.

the multiple sclerosis that has already made her a quadriplegic is beginning to destroy her lungs.
그녀를 사지 마비 환자로 만든 다발성 경화증은 그녀의 폐를 파괴하기 시작하고 있다.

the soccer player made a dart at the goal line.
축구선수는 골라인으로 돌진했다.

the soccer player has been in a slump recently.
그 축구 선수는 요즘 슬럼프에 빠져 있다.

the soccer player sold me the dummy.
축구선수가 패스하는척하며 날 속였다.

the soccer player surpassed himself at the tournament.
그 축구 선수는 토너먼트에서 평소의 자기 능력 이상을 보였다.

the stage i 5-year relative survival rate is 98%.
1단계에서 5년간 생존률은 98%이다.

the author , lee eun-hee , is a female scientist who explains her subject from a humanist perspective.
저자 이은희는 여성 과학자로 과학을 휴머니즘적인 관점에서 설명하고 있다.

the author thanks her revered teacher on the acknowledgements page.
작가는 감사의 말에 자기 은사에게 고마움을 표시했더군요.

the author has condensed a great deal of material into just 100 pages.
저자가 방대한 양의 자료를 단 100쪽으로 압축해 놓았다.

the painter is climbing up the ladder.
페인트공이 사다리를 올라가고 있다.

the rock will not budge an inch.
바위가 꼼짝 않는다.

the stars were having an offstage relationship.
그 스타들은 무대 밖에서 관계를 맺고 있었다.

the stars shone in the heavens.
하늘에는 별이 빛나고 있었다.

the following is an audio segment from pseudo online radio.
다음은 가상 온라인 라디오 방송 내용의 일부분.

the following four steps can help to improve your mental acuity.
다음 네 가지 방법들이 당신의 지적인 예민함을 향상시키는 것을 도울 수 있다.

the following storage times are approximations , and under-ripe produce often keeps longer : mushrooms , okra , guavas , papayas - 1-2 days cilantro , parsley , asparagus , pineapples , berries , cherries , tangerines - 2-3 days plums , avocados , kiwis , green onions , collards , kale , mustard greens , spinach , swiss chard , beans , broccoli , peas - 3-5 days melons , cauliflower , celery , cabbage , green beans , chillies , peppers , tomatoes , lettuce - 1 week beets , radishes , carrots - 2 weeks cranberries , citrus fruits such as lemons , limes , oranges and grapefruits - more than 2 weeks apples - 1 month fruit juice - 3 weeks unopened , 7-10 days opened (8-12 months unopened in the freezer) most fresh fruits will keep 8-12 months in the freezer.
다음의 저장 시간은 추정이며 덜 익은 제품은 종종 더 오래 보관합니다 : 버섯 , 오크라 , 구아바 , 파파야 - 1-2일 고수 잎 , 파슬리 , 아스파라거스 , 파인애플 , 딸기류 , 체리 , 탕헤르 오렌지 - 2-3일 자두 , 아보카도 , 키위 , 녹색 양파 , 콜라드 , 케일 , 머스타드 그린 , 시금치 , 근대 , 콩 , 브로콜리 , 완두콩 - 3-5일 멜론 , 컬 리 플라워 , 셀러리 , 양배추 , 깍지콩 , 칠리 고추 , 고추 , 토마토 , 양상추 - 1주 비트 , 무 , 당근 - 2주 크랜베리 , 레몬 , 라임 , 오렌지 그리고 자몽 같은 감귤류 - 2 주 이상 사과 - 1달 과일 주스 - 따지 않고 3주 , 따고 나서 7-10일 (냉동실에서 따지 않고 8-12개월) 대부분의 신선한 과일들은 냉동실에서 8-12개월 유지됩 니다.

the following storage times are approximations , and under-ripe produce often keeps longer : mushrooms , okra , guavas , papayas - 1-2 days cilantro , parsley , asparagus , pineapples , berries , cherries , tangerines - 2-3 days plums , avocados , kiwis , green onions , collards , kale , mustard greens , spinach , swiss chard , beans , broccoli , peas - 3-5 days melons , cauliflower , celery , cabbage , green beans , chillies , peppers , tomatoes , lettuce - 1 week beets , radishes , carrots - 2 weeks cranberries , citrus fruits such as lemons , limes , oranges and grapefruits - more than 2 weeks apples - 1 month fruit juice - 3 weeks unopened , 7-10 days opened (8-12 months unopened in the freezer) most fresh fruits will keep 8-12 months in the freezer.
다음의 저장 시간은 추정이며 덜 익은 제품은 종종 더 오래 보관합니다 : 버섯 , 오크라 , 구아바 , 파파야 - 1-2일 고수 잎 , 파슬리 , 아스파라거스 , 파인애플 , 딸기류 , 체리 , 탕 헤르 오렌지 - 2-3일 자두 , 아보카도 , 키위 , 녹색 양파 , 콜라드 , 케일 , 머스타드 그린 , 시금치 , 근대 , 콩 , 브로콜리 , 완두콩 - 3-5일 멜론 , 컬리 플라워 , 셀러리 , 양배추 , 깍지 콩 , 칠리 고추 , 고추 , 토마토 , 양상추 - 1주 비트 , 무 , 당근 - 2주 크랜베리 , 레몬 , 라임 , 오렌지 그리고 자몽 같은 감귤류 - 2주 이상 사과 - 1달 과일 주스 - 따지 않고 3주 , 따고 나서 7-10일 (냉동실에서 따지 않고 8-12개월) 대부분의 신선한 과일들은 냉동실에서 8-12개월 유지됩니다.

the following segment exceeds the parental control setting. click help for more information.
다음 세그먼트가 보호자 통제 설정을 초과합니다. 자세한 정보는 도움말을 클릭하십시오.

the novel is a thinly disguised autobiography.
그 소설은 얄팍하게 위장한 자서전이다.

the novel was serialized on tv in six parts.
그 소설은 tv에서 6부작 시리즈로 방송되었다.

the novel has been unanimously damned by the critics.
그 소설은 비평가들에게서 만장일치로 비난을 받았다.

the estimation of construction duration for high school buildings based on the actual data.
실적자료에 의한 고등학교 시설 공기산정.

the music , especially the songs sung by the lemurs were catchy enough to keep us entertained and sufficient to keep us watching.
음악 , 특히 여우원숭이들이 부르는 노래는 흥에 겨울 뿐만 아니라 영화를 계속 보게 만들 만큼 훌륭했다.

the music stole the spotlight and not the network's new censoring system.
스포트라이트를 받은 것은 방송사의 새로운 검열 시스템이 아니라 음악이었습니다.

the music downloads industry is a burgeoning market.
음악 다운로드 산업은 성장하고 있는 시장이다.

the california highway patrol says the vehicles collided at about 1 : 15 a.m.
캘리포니아 도로 순찰대는 1시 15분 가량 차량들이 충돌했다고 말했다.

the victory remained with the thebans.
승리는 테베 사람에게 돌아갔다.

the actual model of spirit , the mars exploration rover that recently returned safely to earth , will be on display.
최근 지구에 무사귀환 한 화성 탐사선인 스피리트호의 실제 모델이 전시될 예정이다.

the actual process of registering is quite simple , as these americans from around the country can attest to.
실제 등록 절차는 전국 각지에 사는 이 미국인들이 증언하듯이 아주 간단합니다.

the regime is profoundly divided against itself.
그 정권은 내부 분열이 극심하다.

the photographs were to be included in his as yet unwritten autobiography.
그 사진들은 아직 집필되지 않은 그의 자서전에 포함될 예정이었다.

the floor has a shine from constant polishing.
노상 닦아서 마루가 길들었다.

the creators of animation movie south park have promised not to lampoon george w bush's twin teenage daughters in their new movie.
만화영화 사우스 파크의 제작자들은 새로운 영화에서 조지 w 부시의 쌍둥이 십대 딸들을 풍자하지 않겠다고 약속했다.

the eu is devoid of that chance.
유럽연합은 그 기회가 없다.

the cut of her rig was graceful.
그녀의 몸가짐은 우아했다.

the freedom to litigate is part of us regulation.
소송의 자유는 미국법의 일부입니다.

the reckless issuance of credit cards is causing a serious social problem.
무분별한 카드 발급으로 심각한 사회문제가 발생하고 있다.

the hour of the doom of the country is at hand.
그 나라는 멸망의 날이 박두했다.

the airplane is cruising along without a hitch.
비행기는 순항 중이다.

the mechanic pushed the envelope when operating the machine.
기계를 작동하면서 기계공은 성능을 허용한계까지 올렸다.

the statistics indicate that auto accidents are on the decrease.
통계는 자동차 사고가 감소하고 있음을 보여 주고 있다.

the boys , one by one , are circumcised in a requisite rite of passage.
소년들은 한명씩 한명씩 성인식 의례로 할례를 받았다.

the boys are reading at the top of their voices in the classroom.
아이들이 교실에서 글을 왱왱 읽고 있다.

the boys are mischievous but rarely hurtful.
그 소년들은 짓궂지만 남의 감정을 상하는 일은 거의 없다.

the boys were in fits of laughter.
소년들은 계속 웃어댔다.

the boys played merry hell with the store and broke into it.
소년들이 상점에 큰 손해를 입히며 침입했다.

the boys sprang a somersault.
그 소년들은 공중제비를 하였다.

the boys mouthed off the rumor.
소년들이 소문을 떠벌렸다.

the symptoms of influenza are fever , headache , and muscular pain.
독감의 증상은 열 , 두통 , 그리고 근육통이다.

the unique wetlands are a unesco world heritage site and biosphere reserve.
이 독특한 습지대는 유네스코 세계 문화 유산 보호지역입니다.

the term was coined in the 1950s when the instructions to the tool were numeric codes.
용어는 1950년대 처음 만들어졌고 이 때는 도구에 대한 명령이 숫자 코드였습니다.

the term law , as used in the phrases a human law and a law of nature , has two different meanings.
" 인문법 " 이나 " 자연법 " 이라는 용어에서 사용되는 것으로서 " 법 " 이라는 용어는 두 개의 다른 의미를 가지고 있다.

the term islam means " submission to the will of god ".
이슬람이라는 어휘는 " 신의 뜻에 복종함 " 을 의미한다.

the term suffolk virus actually refers to a group of viruses that affect the stomach and gastrointestinal tract.
서퍽 바이러스라는 용어는 실제로 위장에 영향을 미치는 바이러스군을 가리킵니다.

the disabled people think the world owes one a living.
장애인들은 사회로부터 원조 받는 것을 당연시 하다.

the classroom became rowdy the moment recess began.
쉬는 시간이 되자 교실은 왁자지껄해졌다.

the rumor is circulating every day.
그 소문이 날로 퍼지고 있다.

the rumor about john's corruption flied about really fast.
존의 부패에 관한 소문은 재빨리 퍼졌다.

the rumor was traced back to him.
소문의 출처가 그 자라는 것을 찾아냈다.

the ambassador will leave tomorrow to resume his official duties.
대사는 내일 귀임 길에 오를 것이다.

the treaty of versailles was signed in 1919 and the terrible war ended.
1919년 베르사유 조약이 체결되었고 끔찍한 전쟁은 끝났다.

the treaty was signed in 1997 and has been ratified by 141 countries.
그 조약은 1997년 체결되어 지금까지 141개국이 비준했습니다.

the third man stands in front of the tearful freakish woman in the witness box.
그 세번째 남자는 증인석에서 울고 있는 별난 여자 앞에 서있다.

the third has a few books or many ; every one of them dog-eared and dilapidated , shaken and loosened by continual use , marked and scribbled in from front to back.
세 번째에는 몇 권 어쩌면 많은 책들이 있었는데 , 책마다 계속 사용한 탓에 한쪽 모서리가 접혀 있고 , 파손되고 , 흔들리고 , 너덜너덜했으며 처음부터 끝까 지 표시와 낙서가 되어 있었다.

the third theme enters the philosophical perspectives of modern artists under the heading , " portraits of a modernist.
세 번째 테마는 " 근대주의자의 자화상 " 이라는 제목 아래 근대 예술가들의 철학적인 견해로 들어갑니다.

the documents have been submitted and approved by ministers without demur or comment.
제출된 문서들은 장관들에 의해서 이의나 논평없이 승인되었다.

the spokeswoman said general chiarelli will thoroughly examine the report as quickly as possible.
치아렐리 중장은 가능한 한 빠른 시일 내에 보고서를 철저히 검토할 것이라고 이 대변인은 밝혔습니다.

the announcement of her retirement caused consternation among tennis fans.
그녀의 은퇴 발표는 테니스 팬들에게 실망을 안겨 주었다.

the judgment passed for the defendant.
피고에게 유리한 판결이 내려졌다.

the applications must be submitted before the december 31st deadline.
지원서는 12월 31일 기한 전에 제출해야 합니다.

the store staff helped me find the restroom.
나는 점원의 안내로 화장실을 찾아갔다.

the script excerpts i have read are hilarious.
내가 읽었던 대본의 발췌부분들이 재밌다.

the menu contained traditional favourites as well as more adventurous dishes.
메뉴에는 모험이 될 만한 요리들 뿐 아니라 전통적으로 인기 있는 요리들도 있었다.

the king was discomfited by the loss of the battle.
왕은 전투에 패한데 대해 당혹감을 느꼈다.

the king puts a diamond in the pot.
왕은 냄비 안에 다이아몬드를 넣어요.

the king swore away the life of a citizen.
왕은 시민들의 목숨을 맹세코 빼앗았다.

the king swore on a stack of bibles.
왕은 단언했다.

the king faced down his enemies on the battlefield.
왕은 전쟁터에서 적군들에게 과감히 맞서 싸웠다.

the stadium has been reconstructed at a cost of $850 million.
그 운동장은 8억 5천만달러의 비용으로 재건축되었다.

the responsibilities that managers have commonly range from general supervisory duties to running an entire company.
관리자들의 일반적인 책무는 전반적인 감독 업무에서 회사 전체를 운영하는 것까지 이른다.

the tropical rain forests contain more than half of the earth' s 250 , 000 botanical species.
열대 우림에는 250 , 000 남짓의 지구 식물의 종류 가운데 절반 이상이 자라고 있다.

the certification is no longer valid.
그 증명서는 이미 통하지 않는다.

the statement was an attempt to squash the rumours.
그 성명서는 그 소문들을 진압하기 위한 시도로 나온 것이었다.

the statement did not disclose two soldiers' nationality.
성명은 이들 군인의 국적은 밝히지 않았습니다.

the knowledge about tuberculosis of housewives who use well-baby clinics in community health centers.
보건소 영유아상담실을 이용하는 가정주부들의 결핵에 관한지식.

the presence of the prince added lustre to the occasion.
왕자가 참석하여 그 행사에 빛을 더해 주었다.

the dictionary says they are the tallest living thing.
그들이 가장 큰 생물이라고 사전에 나와있어.

the letter is appended to this report.
편지가 보고서에 첨부되었습니다.

the letter is appended to this report.
편지는 이 보고서에 첨부되었습니다.

the letter had clearly been written in haste.
그 편지는 분명히 급히 쓴 것이었다.

the letter was torn to ribbons.
편지가 갈기갈기 찢어졌다.

the letter was devoid of warmth and feeling.
그 편지에는 따스함과 감정이 전혀 들어 있지 않았다.

the letter was handwritten , in a hasty , barely decipherable scrawl.
과학자들은 세계의 기후변화의 역사를 밝혀내려고 빙산 속에 들어있는 난해한 메시지들을 번역 , 해석하고 있다.

the letter was handwritten by him.
편지는 그의 자필로 쓰여져 있었다.

the letter caused discord between uncle and nephew.
그 편지는 숙부와 조카 사이의 불화를 초래했다.

the h group requires highly qualified manpower to launch a new business.
h 그룹은 신규 사업에 진출하기 위해서 유능한 인적 자원을 필요로 한다.

the americans and italians happily join forces for an all-day , all-night bacchanal of wine , women , and song.
미국인들과 이탈리아 인들은 하루종일 , 밤새도록 술 , 여자 , 노래에 취하는 것을 아주 좋아한다.

the americans were left to devise their own pencils.
미국인들은 그들 자신의 연필을 만들게 되었습니다.

the 25-character product key appears on a yellow sticker on the back of your windows cd case.
25자리의 제품 키는 windows cd 케이스 뒤에 있는 노란 스티커에 있습니다.

the department of education is seeking certified teachers for the fall semester.
교육부는 가을학기에 필요한 자격을 갖춘 교사들을 찾고 있다.

the inability to deny the integrity and authenticity of a document.
문서의 무결성 및 신뢰성을 부인할 수 없는 기능이다.

the smell of her pervaded the room.
방에서 그녀의 체취가 풍겼다.

the smell of paint nauseated him.
페인트 냄새 때문에 그는 토할 것 같았다.

the smell of disinfectant reeked.
소독약 냄새가 코를 찔렀다.

the group's headquarters was also allowed to be reopened.
민주화 단체 본부 건물도 다시 문을 열게 되었습니다.

the american wind energy association says the source , wind energy remains largely untapped , providing less than one percent of u.s. electrical generation.
미국 풍력 에너지 협회는 풍력은 지금까지 거의 미개발되었던 자원으로 이로 인한 전력은 현재 미국 전체 생산의 채 1퍼센트도 되지 않는다 고 말했습니다.

the muslim defenders signed a truce that virtually amounts to surrender of the town.
회교도 수비대원들은 휴전협정에 서명했는데 사실상 그 마을을 넘겨주는 것과 다름없다.

the outgoing year was a tough one.
지난해는 힘든 한 해였습니다.

the incoming air makes the tissue of the soft palate vibrate.
들어오는 공기가 연구개 조직을 진동시킵니다.

the incoming trust was successfully validated.
받는 트러스트를 확인했습니다.

the turkish economy is strong these days.
현재 터키의 경제는 튼튼하다.

the spark of life will not go out.
생명의 불꽃은 꺼지지 않을 것이다.

the assassination came at a time when america was in the grip of widespread optimism.
바로 미국이 만연된 낙관주의에 젖어 있을 때 암살사건이 발생했다는 점입니다.

the alliance reached the agreement friday in baghdad , in an attempt to break a weeks-long political deadlock.
오랜 정치적 교착 상태를 해소하기 위한 노력으로서 이 연합은 금요일 바그다드에서 합의점에 이르렀습니다.

the negotiations have proven more troublesome than any of us expected.
그 협상은 우리중 어느 누가 예상한 것보다 더 골치아픈 것으로 증명됐다.

the assistant opened a credit last weekend.
지난 주말에 조수는 신용장을 개설했다.

the offices are conveniently located just a few minutes from the main station.
그 사무실들은 중앙역에서 몇 분 거리밖에 안 되는 편리한 위치에 있다.

the membership card and the discount coupon can not be used together.
회원카드와 할인 쿠폰은 함께 사용하실 수 없습니다.

the membership fees are just too low to turn profits.
이익을 남기기엔 회비가 너무 싸요.

the original and the copy are easily distinguished since the one is much more vivid than the other.
원본과 사본은 쉽게 구별이 된다 , 전자는 후자보다 훨씬 더 선명하기 때문이다.

the original teenage mutant ninja turtles was released back in 1990 with an even-more impressive 25.4 million.
더욱 인상적인 25만 4천 달러를 기록한 닌자거북이 1편은 1990년에 개봉되었다.

the original intention was to devote three months to the project.
원래 의도는 그 프로젝트에 석 달을 들이는 것이었다.

the kangaroo is jumping across the river.
캥거루가 강을 폴짝 뛰어 넘고 있다.

the dry weather means food supplies for bears are below normal , forcing them to look farther for food , resulting in more reports of hungry bears venturing out of their forest homes and into towns , overturning garbage cans , and breaking into cabins and tra.
건조한 날씨 때문에 곰은 식량 공급이 평균 이하에 달하자 먹을 것을 찾아 멀리까지 갈 수밖에 없게 되고 그로 인해 굶주린 곰이 숲을 빠져 나와 마을로 침입 , 쓰레기통을 뒤엎고 , 오두막과 이동 주택에 난입했다는 보고가 점점 늘고 있습니다.

the streets are barricaded for a parade.
도로들이 퍼레이드 때문에 봉쇄되었다.

the streets were filled with throngs of people.
거리는 군중들로 꽉 들어찼다.

the streets were crowded with people.
거리는 사람들로 북적거렸다.

the streets were silent and deserted.
거리는 조용하고 사람들이 없었다.

the streets were glittering bright with the neon lights.
거리는 네온사인으로 휘황찬란했다.

the tour costs $8.00 per adult.golden age card and children's discounts are available.
관광 요금은 성인 8달러이며 , 골든 에이지 카드 소지자와 어린이는 할인이 됩니다.

the tv advertisement says this conditioner will give you lustrous hair.
그 tv 광고는 이 컨디셔너가 당신에게 윤이 나는 머리카락을 선사할 것이라고 말한다.

the horse is next to the trailer.
말이 트레일러 옆에 있다.

the horse had bellows to mend after running so long.
말은 오랫동안 달린 후 숨을 헐떡거렸다.

the horse lay motionless on the ground , as if it was dead.
그 말은 마치 죽은 듯이 움직이지 않고 땅에 누워 있었다.

the northern part of the country is mountainous.
그 나라의 북부는 산이 많다.

the greatest danger of mccain as president is that he is a warmonger.
대통령으로서의 멕케인의 가장 큰 결함은 그가 전쟁광이라는 사실이다.

the greatest hunger a person has is to be needed.
사람이 갖는 가장 큰 욕망은 다른 사람에게 필요한 존재가 되고 싶다는 것이다.

the festival is heavily dependent on sponsorship for its success.
그 축제는 성공 여부를 스폰서에 크게 의존하고 있다.

the annual joint operation is to reshape national security and the stability of military operations on the ground , at sea and in the air.
연중 합동군사훈련은 국가 안전과 육 , 해 , 공에서의 군사작동의 안정성을 새롭게 하기 위한 것입니다.

the wartime austerity of my early years prepared me for later hardships.
어린 시절에 전시의 소박함은 나로 하여금 나중의 어려움을 준비하게 했다.

the politician put a gold muzzle on the citizens.
정치가가 시민들에게 입막음 돈을 주었다.

the politician talked in a soothing way.
그 정치인은 달래는 듯한 어조로 말했다.

the politician barnstormed through the estern part of the state.
그 정치인은 동부 지역을 돌면서 지방 유세를 펼쳤다.

the politician nixed out one day.
어느 날 정치가는 떠났다.

the narrow focus of the program on malaria ended up being its undoing.
말라리아에 대한 편협하게 집중했던 프로그램은 파멸로 끝나게 되었습니다.

the wedding guests completely filled the ceremonial hall.
하객들이 식장을 가득 메웠다.

the newest digital cameras are selling like hot cakes.
최신형 디지털 카메라가 날개 돋힌 듯 팔리고 있다.

the argument was unanswerable at the time ; it remains unanswerable now.
그 논쟁은 그 때 해답을 줄 수 없었고 지금도 그 상태로 남아있다.

the argument turned into a melee.
언쟁이 난투극으로 변했다.

the terms in the legal proceedings are arcane and outdated.
법 절차에 나오는 용어들은 난해하고 낡아빠졌다.

the army was brought in to prevent further bloodshed.
더 이상의 유혈 참극을 막기 위해 군대가 투입되었다.

the army was badly affected by desertions.
그 군대에서는 많은 탈영이 발생했다.

the army has been criticized for attacking the unarmed civilian population.
육군은 비무장 민간인을 공격한 것에 대해 비판을 받았다.

the army uses choppers to carry soldiers by air.
군은 군인들을 공중 수송하는데 헬리콥터를 이용한다.

the peace talks broke up in disarray.
평화회담은 혼란스러운 가운데 결렬되고 말았다.

the aurora borealis , or northern lights , might appear brighter.
오로라 보리엘리스 또는 북극광은 더 밝게 보일 수도 있다.

the roman catholic church has also eased rules for other unexplained healings.
로마 카톨릭 교황청은 최근 루르드에서 일어난다는 것과 같은 병치유를 기적으로 평가하는 기준을 일부 완화했습니다.

the dawn begins to whiten the sky.
훤하게 동이 튼다.

the polar climate is very cold.
극지의 날씨는 매우 춥다.

the red cross held a blood drive.
적십자에서 헌혈 운동을 벌였다.

the red hawks are a minor league affiliate of the texas rangers.
레드 혹스는 텍사스 레인저스의 마이너리그 팀이다.

the princess is a well-known patron of several charities.
왕세자비는 몇몇 자선단체의 잘 알려진 후원자이다.

the princess , dressed head to foot in gold , was the cynosure of all eyes.
머리부터 발끝까지 황금색 옷으로 차려 입은 공주는 모든 사람들의 이목을 끌었다.

the princess paraded under convoy of knights.
공주는 기사의 호위를 받으며 행진하였다.

the magnetic needle of the compass began to move.
나침반의 자침이 움직이기 시작했다.

the magnetic needle points to the north.
자침은 북을 가리키고 있다.

the visual and auditory images and cognitive characteristics on the townscapes in namwon city.
남원시의 도시경관에 대한 시각과 청각의 이미지구조와 인지특성.

the meaning and transition of atrium in history.
아트리움의 역사적 의미와 변천.

the constitution of this country provides for oath or affirmation by officeholders.
이 나라의 헌법에서는 공직자들이 선서나 확약 증언할 것을 정하고 있다.

the constitution of this country provides for oath or affirmation by officeholders.
i will swear an oath to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth.(법정에서의).

the constitution of this country provides for oath or affirmation by officeholders.
나는 오로지 진실만을 말할 것을 맹세합니다.

the lady always fancies up her house beautifully.
그 숙녀는 자기 집을 항상 아름답게 꾸민다.

the lady who was once arrogant is now off her high horse.
한때 거만했던 숙녀는 이제 뽐내지 않는다.

the ring was not worth very much but it had great sentimental value.
그 반지가 금전적 가치는 크지 않았지만 정서적인 가치는 아주 컸다.

the salesman was a clever talker.
그 판매원은 말솜씨가 능란했다.

the salesman agreed to lower the price a little.
판매원이 가격을 약간 깎아 주기로 했다.

the smile card is your key to cashless shopping.
스마일 카드는 현금 없이 쇼핑하는 핵심입니다.

the search for oil on the alaskan tundra pits the oil companies against the environmentalists , with the natives of the region caught somewhere in between.
알래스카 툰드라 지역에서 유전을 탐사하고 있는 석유회사들은 환경 보호론자들의 반대에 부딪혔고 , 그 지역 원주민들은 이들 사이에 끼여 난처한 입장에 놓여 있다.

the beach has eroded since the hurricane.
해변은 태풍이 지나간 후부터 침식되어 왔다.

the order of the garter is an ancient order of chivalry.
가터 훈장은 고래로부터 내려오는 기사 훈장이다.

the order seeks to fulfil that commitment.
그 명령은 약속을 충족시키기 위한 것이다.

the june summit made the incremental steps official , signaling a major thaw.
6월 , 본격적인 긴장 완화를 예고하면서 점진적인 조치를 공식화 하였다.

the cherry blossoms are best in the middle of april.
벚꽃은 4월 중순이 한창이에요.

the jet levelled off at ten thousand feet.
제트기는 만 피트에서 수평을 잡았다.

the surgical operation resulted in failure.
수술의 결과가 좋지 않았다.

the missile came apart in midair.
미사일이 공중에서 산산조각났다.

the government's position on the 2005 zimbabwe parliamentary elections and aids have also attracted significant coverage.
2005년 짐바브웨 총선에서의 정부 역할이나 aids 문제도 중요했던 보도로 꼽힌다.

the government's criticism was that what we were trying to do was likely to inflame concern and needlessly scare the pants off people.
정부의 비난에 의하면 우리의 시도때문에 사람들이 걱정하게 되고 쓸데 없이 지독하게 겁나게 됐다는 것이다.

the mining town is now a mere carcass.
그 광산촌은 이제 폐허가 되었다.

the google chat is nothing special.
구글 채트는 아무것도 특별하지않다.

the emergency room was unusually busy.
응급실은 보통 이상으로 바빴다.

the artificial nose can sniff out contraband drugs and explosives.
인공 코는 밀수 마약이나 폭발물의 냄새를 맡아낼 수 있다.

the concert , which was filmed for a cbs special to air in november , was structured as a tribute to jack.
11월 특집 방영을 위해 cbs가 촬영하고 있는 가운데 벌어진 이 공연은 마이클에 대한 헌정 공연으로 기획된 것이었다.

the viewing is open to students.
학생의 관람도 가하다.

the orchestra is entering the auditorium.
관현악단이 공연장으로 들어가고 있다.

the director wants to know why we are late.
감독은 우리가 왜 늦었는지 알고 싶어했다.

the director put a bug on my ear , demanding i be quiet.
감독이 나에게 조용히 하라며 넌지시 경고했다.

the accounts were certified (as) correct by the finance department.
그 장부는 재무과에서 틀림없다고 증명한 것이었다.

the previous tenant has already moved his things , and the carpet has been cleaned as well , so that should be fine.
먼저 세든 사람은 벌써 세간을 옮겼어요. 카펫도 세탁해 놓았으니 들어와 지내시기 괜찮을 거예요.

the club is noisy and hopping.
클럽은 시끄럽고 활발하다.

the freeway was more like a long parking lot.
고속도로가 마치 거대한 주차장 같았어.

the reports says the most sever malaria problem is in a band that virtually circles the santa clara.
보고서에 의하면 악성 말라리아는 실제로 지구 한바퀴를 감싸는 같은 위도상의 전 지역에서 발병하고 있습니다.

the desk was cluttered with books.
책상에는 책들이 어지럽게 흩어져 있었다.

the arabic numeral for the candidate is 1.
그 후보를 위한 아라비아 숫자는 1이다.

the proper level of acidity is critical to gel formation.
적당한 산성 농도는 젤 형성에 중요하다.

the settings do not contain any complete system monitor html objects.
설정에 완전한 시스템 모니터 html 개체가 없습니다.

the settings you select apply to the entire dns snap-in.
선택한 설정이 전체 dns 스냅인에 적용됩니다.

the comedian could be about to lose his affable image , thanks to his role in a new quiz show.
그 코미디언은 새로운 퀴즈 쇼의 배역으로 인해서 그의 상냥한 이미지를 잃어버릴 수도 있다.

the lip of mount etna's smouldering crater.
달 표면에는 분화구들이 패여 있다.

the nightclub was jam-packed with young people enjoying the weekend night.
나이트클럽은 주말 밤을 즐기는 청춘 남녀들로 발 디딜 틈이 없었다.

the chairman was known not for the depth of his knowledge , but- for the breadth of his vision.
회장은 지식의 깊이보다는 원대한 비전을 지닌 인물로 알려져 있었다.

the chairman has decided to relegate the north korean project to a lower priority.
의장은 북한 프로젝트를 후순위 의제로 결정했다.

the chairman has called a meeting for 2 : 00 for all executive officers.
회장님께서 모든 이사를 2시 회의에 소집하셨습니다.

the prisoners were executed by firing squad.
그 죄수들은 사격대에 의해 처형되었다.

the prisoners were repatriated to their homeland.
포로들은 본국으로 송환되었다.

the pioneers heard a sound like thunder.
개척자들은 우레와 같은 소리를 들었다.

the crowd is applauding the man.
사람들이 남자에게 박수를 치고 있다.

the crowd waiting outside was causing a commotion.
밖에서 기다리던 군중이 소란을 피우고 있었다.

the crowd threw up their hands in dismay.
몰려든 사람들이 경악하며 손을 들었다.

the crowd jeered when the boxer was knocked down.
권투 선수가 녹다운 되자 관중은 야유했다.

the basic step is to accept that your circumstances and others are not the real cause of negativity in your life.
기본적인 단계는 여러분의 환경과 다른 사람들의 환경이 여러분의 삶에서 부정성의 진짜 원인이 아니라는 것을 받아들이는 것이다.

the basic decencies of civilized society.
문명사회의 기본적인 예절.

the package of the gifts came apropos.
선물 꾸러미가 제 때 도착했다.

the winners of our weekly crossword competition will be drawn randomly from all complete and correct entries.
금주의 크로스워드 퍼즐 경연대회 입상자들은 답을 모두 , 정확히 적어 보낸 것 중에서 무작위로 추첨하여 선발될 것이다.

the costumes were gorgeous , but the set was so unvaried.
의상은 화려했지만 , 무대 장치는 너무나 단조로웠다.

the notion that he has to go easy on her is preposterous.
그가 그녀에게 관대해야 한다는 생각은 터무니 없다.

the theory of natural selection , first propounded by charles darwin.
찰스 다윈이 처음 제기한 자연도태설.

the theory suggests that the needle insertions stimulate the body's production of natural pain-killing chemical substances.
이론에 의하면 바늘을 몸에 꽂는 것이 몸으로 하여금 자연적인 진통제 역할을 하는 화학 물질의 생산을 촉진시킨다고 합니다.

the illness is caused by eating fish containing toxindomoic acid , a natural marine toxin.
그 병은 해양성 자연독인 톡신도모이가 함유된 어류를 섭취한 데서 기인한다.

the illness left her feeling listless and depressed.
그녀는 그 병 때문에 무기력하고 우울한 기분에 빠졌다.

the acid combines with the alkali.
산은 알칼리와 화합한다.

the practice keeps the art from being auctioned for its true value and allows dealers to resell the work at much greater profits.
그런 관행 때문에 미술품은 실제 가치에 합당한 가격에 경매되지 못하고 , 거래상들은 작품을 되팔면서 부당하게 높은 이익을 챙기고 있다.

the mistake could have been easily fixed when she mistakenly hopped on a bus to bangkok , but the problem was , she only spoke the local dialect of malay.
그녀가 실수로 방곡으로 가는 버스를 탔을 때 이 실수는 쉽게 만회 될 수 있었지만 문제는 그녀가 말레이 지방 사투리를 쓴다는 데 있었다.

the criticism of the japanese research program arose at the most recent international conference on whaling , held in ulsan , south korea.
일본의 연구 프로그램에 대한 비판은 가장 최근에 한국의 울산에서 개최된 고래 사냥에 관한 국제 회의에서 대두되었습니다.

the investigators said they have gained solid evidence that the 29-year-old singer was only nominally employed at a high-tech company.
수사관들은 29살의 이 가수가 명목상으로만 첨단 기술 회사에 고용되었었다는 명백한 증거를 잡았다고 말했어요.

the tourist gave up his trip because he was on hard tack.
빈털터리가 된 여행객은 여행을 그만뒀다.

the mutual invective between the ruling and opposition parties shows no sign of ceasing.
여야 간의 상호 비방이 그칠 기미가 보이지 않는다.

the couple is eating on the beach.
커플이 해변에서 먹고 있다.

the couple are waiting for their baggage.
커플이 그들의 수화물을 기다리고 있다.

the couple had a dispute over money.
그 부부는 돈 문제로 다투었다.

the couple plan to wed next summer.
그 두 사람은 내년 여름에 혼인할 계획이다.

the couple was heartbroken over their dog's death.
그 부부는 그들의 개가 죽었을때 몹시 슬퍼했다.

the couple walked tenderly , holding hands.
그 부부는 손을 잡고 다정하게 걸어갔다.

the couple were charged with grand/petty larceny.
그 두 사람은 중절도죄/경절도죄로 기소되었다.

the couple has a hot tub in their backyard.
그 부부는 뒤뜰에 온탕욕조를 가지고 있다.

the couple practices contraception by using condoms.
그 부부는 콘돔을 사용하여 피임을 한다.

the couple wed back in june 2002 and is also the parents of jordan ezra , age 4 , and penelope , age 1.
이 커플은 2002년 6월에 결혼했고 4살인 조단 에즈라 , 1살인 페넬로페의 부모이기도 해요.

the song had a great vogue at one time.
그 노래는 한때 크게 성행했다.

the song swept over my soul.
그 노래는 내 영혼을 압도했다.

the cambridge university students union survey received 835 responses , showing very different results : 73 per cent.
캠브리지대 총학생회의 여론조사에 835명이 응했는데 , 73%라는 매우 다른 결과가 도출됐습니다.

the piece is scored for violin , viola and cello.
그 곡은 바이올린 , 비올라 , 첼로를 위해 편곡된 것이다.

the scottish army can have its bayonets.
스코틀랜드 군대는 총검을 가질 수 있다.

the competent attorney has plenty of briefs.
유능한 변호사는 의뢰받는 사건이 많다.

the boost phase interceptor system will have particular dangers.
상승 단계의 요격기 시스템은 특별한 위험을 가질 것이다.

the yard was overgrown with weeds.
뜰에는 잡초가 우거져 있었다.

the settlement is the largest environmental cleanup deal in state history.
이번 결정은 주 정부 역사상 최대 규모의 환경 정화 건입니다.

the powerful ambition born that night set the course of his life.
그날 밤 품게 된 강한 야망이 그의 인생항로를 결정했다.

the plot is the stuff of great pulp fiction.
그 구성은 굉장한 싸구려 소설이다.

the plot has been laid bare.
그 음모는 탄로나고 말았다.

the common cold is another disease of the respiratory system.
감기는 호흡계의 또다른 질병이다.

the common cold and the plague are communicable diseases.
감기와 흑사병은 전염된다.

the common cause of botulism is a bacteria.
보톨리눔 식중독을 일으키는 일반적 원인은 세균이다.

the appropriate pace in that case may be normal conversational rate or slower.
이러한 경우에 적절한 속도는 일반적인 대화 속도 이거나 좀 더 느린 속도일 것이다.

the attic is full of old stuff.
다락은 오래된 물건들로 가득했다.

the roof has an overhang to protect the walls from the rain.
지붕에 돌출부가 있어서 벽에 비가 들이치지 않게 해준다.

the brown recluse is mostly active at night.
곤충을 연구하는 과학자들은 수십 년 동안 갈색은둔거미와 함께 살거나 가까이 사는 사람들 중에도 이 거미를 본 적도 , 이 거미에게 물린 적 도 없는 사람들이 많다고 말합니다.

the brown hulls are removed from the rice seeds when the stalks have dried.
벼가 건조되면 갈색 껍질은 씨앗으로부터 제거된다.

the courtyard was shaded by high trees.
안뜰은 키 큰 나무들로 그늘이 져 있었다.

the creature was foaming at the mouth.
그 동물은 입에 거품을 품고 있었다.

the drawing is said to be a good likeness of the girl's attacker.
그 그림은 그 처녀를 공격한 범인을 꼭 그대로 그린 화상이라고 한다.

the child's hair was teeming with head lice.
아이의 머리에 이가 득실거렸다.

the violence comes as iraq's shiite , sunni and kurdish politicians work to form a new government led by shi'ite prime minister- designate jawad al-maliki.
이번 사건은 이라크의 시아파와 수니파 , 쿠르드족 정치인들이 시아파 총리 지명자 , 자와드 알 말리키씨가 이끄는 새 정부를 구성하기 위해 노력하고 있는 것과 때를 같이해서 벌어 졌습니다.

the opposition claimed the report was a whitewash.
야당은 그 보고서를 눈가림이라고 주장했다.

the clause is divisible into separate parts.
절은 서로 다른 부분으로 나누어 진다.

the relation between the two countries have become very tense.
양국 관계가 긴박해졌다.

the scandal at the bank was an eye-opener.
그 은행의 비리 사건은 충격적이었다.

the attentive student is most likely to learn.
주의 깊은 학생이 학습을 잘할 가능성이 크다.

the waiter carried the dishes on a tray.
웨이터는 요리를 쟁반에 담아 날랐다.

the citizens' apathy to local affairs resulted in poor government.
지역 일에 대한 시민들의 무관심으로 형편없는 정부가 생겨났다.

the west.
유쉬첸코 대통령의 친 서방 노선에 강력히 반대하는 우크라이나 동부지역 주민들에게 이런 목표는 전혀 중요하지 않습니다.

the west has mainly boycotted the hamas-led government because the hamas refuses to acknowledge israel group's.
대부분 서방국가들은 하마스가 이스라엘을 인정하지 않는 이유로 인해 하마스 정부를 거부하고 있습니다.

the commanding officer cautioned " remember , captain , nobody knows how fast this thing can go. ".
지휘관은 " 대위 , 명심하게. 이 물건이 얼마나 빨리 나는지는 아무도 모르네. " 라고 주의를 주었다.

the city's skyline is lit up.
도시의 스카이라인에 불이 밝혀져 있다.

the speaker recognized the congressman from maine.
의장은 메인 주 의원의 발언권을 인정했다.

the rally was stopped by the police and then it dispersed.
집회는 경찰의 저지로 해산되었다.

the current money system is largely monolithic , as nearly all major countries have a single system of national currencies.
거의 모든 대부분의 나라가 단일 화폐 시스템을 가지고 있으므로 현대의 화폐 시스템은 넓게 보면 획일적이다.

the current trend is to have their pictures on your phones , said a concert attendee.
" 현재 유행은 그들의 사진을 자신의 전화에 담는 거예요 ," 라고 콘서트 참석자말했다.

the current fad among young people is to wear baseball caps.
야구 모자를 쓰는 것이 젊은이들 사이에 최신 유행이다.

the booths were set up to distribute brochures and pamphlets to the conference attendees.
회의 참가자들에게 소책자와 팜플렛을 나누어주기 위해 부스들이 설치되었다.

the queen is wearing a crown.
여왕이 왕관을 쓰고 있다.

the queen was intoxicated with her own power.
여왕은 자신의 권력에 도취되어 있었다.

the queen laid a wreath at the war memorial.
여왕이 현충탑에 헌화를 했다.

the ice storage tanks were installed in a subbasement.
얼음 저장 탱크는 지하 2층에 설치되었다.

the funeral procession headed for the burial site.
운구 행렬은 장지로 향했다.

the rates are less after 11 p.m.
밤 11시 이후에는 요금이 더 쌉니다.

the secretary of the state has been very consistent in his opinions on global export tariffs.
미 국무장관은 세계 수출 관세에 대해 매우 일관된 의견을 고수해 왔다.

the dates are the same for merano's fair , also in the alto adige region.
이 기간은 alto adige 지방에 있는 merano's 축제와 같습니다.

the primary lure of living on campus is that there is so much social activity in the dormitories.
캠퍼스 내에서 사는 것의 가장 큰 매력은 기숙사에서 매우 많은 사교 활동이 벌어진다는 것이다.

the library's 5 , 000 volumes made up a manageable collection.
도서관에 소장된 5000권은 관리할 만한 규모였다.

the commander of the faithful was his grandfather.
그의 할아버지는 이슬람 대교주이셨다.

the recipe is given in both metric units and imperial measures.
처방전은 미터법과 영국 표준법 양쪽으로 표시된다.

the incident is reported in detail in today's newspaper.
그 사건은 오늘 신문에 자세히 나와 있다.

the incident had shaken her faith in him.
그 사건이 그에 대한 그녀의 믿음을 흔들어 놓았었다.

the cook is at the table.
요리사는 테이블에 있다.

the cook is adding a relish to the dish.
요리사가 음식에 양념을 첨가하고 있다.

the cook at this restaurant is very generous , and the portions are copious.
이 식당은 주방장 손이 커서 양이 많다.

the relationship was increasingly characterized as one of vigilant and stealthy hostility.
그 관계는 점차 조심스럽고 은밀한 적대 관계로 특징지어졌다.

the relationship between a man and a woman is unpredictable.
남녀 관계는 아무도 모르는 법이다.

the ideal and reality never coincide.
이상과 현실은 결코 일치하지 않는다.

the estate is comprised of arts buildings and substantial public realm.
그 공원단지는 미술관 건물과 상당한 범위의 공공이용 지역으로 구성되어 있다.

the lions devoured a deer in a short time.
사자들이 단 시간에 사슴 한마리를 먹어 치웠다.

the guard saw someone sneak into the company so he gave the alarm immediately.
경비원은 남몰래 회사에 숨어든 사람을 보았고 즉시 경보를 울렸다.

the guard dog made for the trespasser.
경비견이 침입자를 향해 돌진했다.

the guard dog made for the trespasser.
이런 안내문이 붙어 있었다. " 무단 침입자는 고소함. ".

the officer is standing on the sidewalk.
경찰이 인도에 서 있다.

the officer made an inspection of the barracks.
담당 장교가 내무반을 순시했다.

the attachment of the rope to the sled took less than a minute.
썰매에 로프를 부착하는 데 1분도 걸리지 않았다.

the watch is ten minutes slow.
시계가 10분 뜬다.

the boy's mother doles out an allowance to him.
그 남자애의 어머니는 아이에게 조금씩 용돈을 준다.

the theoretical framework of positivism has many strengths and weaknesses.
실증주의의 이론상의 체제가 많은 장점과 단점을 가지고 있다.

the community organisation held its own press conference today to rebut the charges.
그 지역 단체는 그 혐의에 반박하기 위해 오늘 기자회견을 열었다.

the invoice is on the shelf above his desk.
송장은 그 남자 책상 위 선반에 있습니다.

the wallpaper was beginning to peel.
벽지가 벗겨지기 시작하고 있었다.

the explosion in the coal mine was caused by the combustion of gases.
탄광 내의 폭발은 가스의 연소로 일어난 것이다.

the explosion caused a great deal of damage to the area.
폭발로 인해 그 지역은 막대한 손해를 입었다.

the trailers are being hooked up to their cabs.
트레일러들을 트랙터에 고리로 연결시키고 있다.

the thieves deluded the old lady into thinking that they were telephone engineers.
그 도둑들은 그 노파를 속여 자신들을 전화 수리공이라고 생각하게 만들었다.

the crocodile and the crocodile bird have a symbiotic relationship.
악어와 악어새는 공생 관계에 있다.

the battery is activated only when sensors on the mouse are touched.
마우스에 부착된 센서들을 건드릴 때만 배터리가 동력화 된다.

the chart illustrates how the body works.
그 그림은 신체의 기능을 설명하고 있다.

the choice of simile here is important.
여기에서 직유법의 선택은 중요하다.

the atrocity in bali shocked us all.
발리의 참화에 우리 모두 큰 충격을 받았다.

the numerous beaches range from wild , pounding surf , to sheltered coves.
무섭게 철썩이는 파도 해변이 있는가 하면 , 안식처처럼 조용한 만을 끼고 있는 해변도 있습니다.

the attacks come one day after jawad al-maliki was designated prime minister -- ending a four-month deadlock over the post.
이같은 공격들은 자와드 알-말리키 씨가 새 총리로 지명돼 , 총리직을 둘러싼 4개월 간의 교착상태가 해소된 지 하루 만에 발생한 것입니다.

the attacks near el-arish targeted a vehicle carrying multinational peacekeepers as well as an egyptian police patrol.
이날 공격은 엘-아리쉬 부근에서 이집트 경찰 호송대와 함께 다국적 평화유지군들을 태우고 가던 군용 트럭을 겨냥해 일어났습니다.

the leadership of today's society has no morality.
오늘날 사회 지도층의 윤리가 땅에 떨어졌다.

the scale and depth of poverty can not be conveyed by statistics.
빈곤의 규모와 심도는 통계자료로 전달되지 못한다.

the experiment of vine for covering the traffic noise barrier.
방음벽 녹화용 덩굴식물 개발시험.

the board of governors of a school weighed in with the proposal and it was carried by a unanimous vote.
학교의 이사회는 제안을 의기양양하게 내놓았으며 , 그것은 만장 일치로 통과되었다.

the board chairman retired recently only to discover that the value of his company stock option and savings plan had dropped by half in the recent tumult.
회장은 최근 은퇴한 뒤에야 자사 주식 선택 매입권과 저축 계획액의 가치가 이 최근의 소동으로 인해 반으로 떨어진 것을 발견했다.

the cottage was hewn asunder by a bomb test.
오두막집은 폭탄 실험으로 산산조각이 났다.

the windmill tower is 75 meters tall , and atop it is a one-point-five megawatt turbine , which provides enough power for 500 houses.
풍차의 높이는 75미터이고 꼭대기는 1.5매가와트의 원동기가 있어 여기에서 500가구에 공급할 충분한 전력을 생산하고 있습니다.

the flag is streaming in the wind.
깃발이 바람에 나부끼고 있다.

the flag of belgium consists of three colors.
벨기에 국기는 검정 , 빨강 , 노랑 세가지 색깔로 이루어져 있다.

the flag flaps in the wind.
깃발이 바람에 휘날린다.

the album is pop rock and the lyrics seem to separate her from the more preppy lindsay lohan and hilary duff.
그 앨범은 팝 록(록풍의 팝 음악)이란 장르이고 , 가사는 좀 더 깔끔하고 고급스러운 린제이 로한과 힐러리 더프로부터 그녀를 구별시켜주는 듯하다.

the crime scene investigators searched for a reason why the victim lost his life.
과학수사대는 희생자가 왜 살해됐는지에 대한 이유를 찾았다.

the monopoly on nuclear weapons the united states possessed at the end of world war two in 1945 was very short-lived.
미국은 1945년 말 2차 세계대전 종전까지 핵무기 단독 보유국이었습니다. 그러나 그 기간은 얼마 가지 않았습니다.

the bomb threat turned out to be a hoax.
그 폭탄협박은 속임수로 밝혀졌다.

the element of spirit will sub-ordinate itself to the rule of reason.
영혼의 구성원소는 이유의 규칙이라는 것 자체 아래에 존재할 것이다.

the invention of atomic weapons has revolutionized strategy.
원자 무기의 발명은 전략을 일변시켰다.

the wine had a peculiar fragrance.
술에서 독특한 향이 났다.

the resort is easily accessible by road , rail and air.
그 휴양지는 도로와 철도 , 항공편으로 쉽게 갈 수 있다.

the typhoon dissipated completely after passing through the korean peninsula.
태풍은 한반도를 빠져나간 후 완전히 소멸되었다.

the meteorological society of america was founded in 1901 to promote the study of atmospheric and oceanography.
미국기상협회는 1901년 대기 과학 및 해양학 연구를 증진하기 위해 창설되었다.

the meteorological agency is forecasting substantially lighter rainfall , and has lifted emergency weather warning.
기상청은 앞으로 강우량이 훨씬 줄어들 것이라고 예보하면서 긴급 기상 경보도 해제했습니다.

the lamp is sitting on the floor.
램프는 마루 위에 있다.

the village is located in the highlands.
그 마을은 고지대에 위치해 있다.

the village has a certain rustic charm.
그 마을은 뭔가 시골 풍의 매력이 있다.

the village stands against the hill.
마을은 언덕에 면해 있다.

the credit manager conducteda thoroughcredit check on the applicantsprior to approving the loan.
대출 과장은 융자를 내주기 전에 신청자의 신용 상태를 철저히 검토했다.

the credit rating of our country is diabolical.
우리나라의 신용등급은 끔찍하다.

the dollar has shot up against the yen after that surprisingly weak japanese gdp report.
예상 밖의 저조한 일본의 국내 총생산 발표가 있고 나서 엔화 대비 달러가 급등하고 있습니다.

the scientific test gave us such surprising results.
그 실험은 우리에게 너무나 놀라운 결과를 보여줬다.

the scientific term for not seeing something because we are not looking for it , is scotoma , a mental block to something that exists.
우리가 기대하지 않기 때문에 어떤 것을 볼 수 없는 것을 가리키는 과학적 용어는 암점 , 즉 존재하는 어떤 것을 막는 정신적인 장벽이에요.

the pacific is bigger than the continent of asia.
태평양은 아시아 대륙보다 더 크다.

the chunnel is under the part of the atlantic ocean that separates france and england.
해저 터널인 처널은 프랑스와 영국을 가르고 있는 대서양 아래에 있다.

the mysterious ttl girl , lim eun-kyung has become a movie star.
신비한 ttl 소녀 임은경이 영화 배우가 되었다.

the bottom line is who will blink first and compromise and by how much ?.
결국에는 어느 쪽이 먼저 굽히고 들어가 타협을 하며 , 또 얼만큼 양보하느냐 하는 것이 문제입니다.

the ship is sailing out to sea.
배가 바다를 항해하고 있다.

the ship is reportedly loaded with destruct missiles bound for the middle east.
그 선박은 중동행 파괴용 미사일을 적재하고 있는 것으로 보도되고 있다.

the ship had been blown off course in the storm.
그 배는 폭풍으로 길을 벗어나 있었다.

the ship was hit and sunk by a torpedo.
배는 어뢰에 의해 격침되었다.

the ship was laboring through the heavy seas.
배는 높은 파도 속에서 난항을 계속하고 있었다.

the ship made a correction in its course.
배는 진로를 수정했다.

the ship packed on all sail.
배가 돛을 모두 폈다.

the ship sailed tack and tack.
그 배는 바람 방향에 따라 항해했다.

the ship sailed laboriously in a heavy sea.
배는 격랑 속에서 난항했다.

the hurricane left a disaster area covering over ten miles.
태풍때문에 10마일이 넘는 지역에 재해가 발생했다.

the distortion of history textbooks by the japanese became a diplomatic issue.
일본의 역사 교과서 왜곡 문제가 외교적 쟁점이 되었다.

the atlanta falcons huddled , then threw a long pass.
아틀란타 팰콘팀이 스크럽 후방에 집합했다가 길게 공을 패스했다.

the bread was not baked enough ; it tasted doughy.
그 빵은 제대로 구워지지 않았다. 덜 익은 맛이 났다.

the long-term behavior of an integral abutment bridge by field instrurnentations.
계측에 의한 무조인트교량 장기거동 해석.

the long-term behavior of an integral abutment bridge by field instrurnentations.
무조인트교량 실용화 연구.

the doorway is blocked by a plant.
화초가 출입구를 막고 있다.

the birmingham banter is beginning to flow.
나는 조롱하는 듯한 그의 대화 스타일에 싫증이 났다.

the surrounding countryside is very pretty.
주변의 경관이 너무 아름다워요.

the runner made up his leeway.
달리기 선수는 뒤떨어진 것을 만회했다.

the celebrity swallows his feelings in front of the public.
그 유명인은 대중 앞에서 그의 감정을 억누른다.

the ball is next to the basket.
공이 바구니 옆에 있다.

the ball in his hands moved as clay in the hands of the potter.
공이 그의 손에서 마음대로 움직였다.

the ball flew in an arc.
공은 포물선을 그리며 날아갔다.

the highland landscape is breathtakingly beautiful.
고지에서의 경치는 숨막힐 정도로 아름답다.

the buzz word is " pervasive computing. ".
" 입는 컴퓨터 " 라는 전문 용어가 있습니다.

the shirts have been folded and put away in the closet.
셔츠들은 접혀져서 옷장안에 치워져 있다.

the athlete looped the loop.
선수가 공중제비 비행을 했다.

the seriousness of the problem is beyond dispute.
그 문제의 심각성은 논쟁 이상이다.

the plaza was bursting with the welcoming crowd.
출영 군중이 그 광장에 꽉 찼다.

the series on polygamy is funny but the joke is mostly on women.
그 시리즈물은 재미있지만 여성들에 대한 농담이 대부분이다.

the facade typology of traditional urban housing.
도시형 한옥의 외관 유형.

the topic of death is strongly used to encourage the " carpe diem " theme.
죽음을 주제로 하는 이야기는 현재지향적인 삶을 살아가라는 말을 강력히 반증하기 위해 사용된다.

the discussion on certified quality of welding and steel works , what must be done.
강구조의 용접기술.

the catholic priest died a martyr during his mission work abroad.
그 신부는 외국에서 선교 활동을 하다 순교했다.

the catholic hierarchy , frustrated that it can not convoke large gatherings , has come up with several tactics to remain relevant.
의원 총회를 위해 국회의원들이 소집되었다.

the knife has not been sharpened since its last use.
그 칼은 지난번에 사용한 이후로 날을 갈지 않았다.

the shark ate off the man's leg.
상어가 그 사람의 다리를 물어뜯었다.

the ants ate up the cookie bit by bit.
개미는 그 과자를 조금씩 갉아 먹었다.

the controlling of the valves start with a cam shaft.
밸브의 제어작업은 캠축부터 시작한다.

the nation's economic prosperity was extraordinary.
그 나라의 경제적인 번영은 보기 드문 것이었다.

the taxi driver drove on the horn.
그 택시운전사는 쓸데없이 경적을 울렸다.

the climb has been hard work but it has been immensely rewarding.
이번 등반은 힘들었지만 매우 보람이 있었다.

the difficulty of the hunt depends upon how old the children are.
달걀 찾기의 난이도는 아이들의 연령대에 따라 다르다.

the docking in space was successful.
우주공간에서 두 우주선의 결합은 성공적이었다.

the theater in asia is mostly symbolic.
아시아에 있는 극장은 대개 상징적이다.

the theater was overcrowded and stuffy.
극장은 초만원이어서 답답했다.

the theater lights have been douse the glim , ready for the performance.
극장 조명이 공연을 위해 꺼졌다.

the telephone is on the table.
전화가 탁자 위에 있다.

the uk remains committed to a dual track strategy of sanctions and engagement.
영국은 제재와 교전이라는 양방향 전략을 수행함에 변화는 없습니다.

the uk runs a deficit on trade in fish products.
uk는 수산물 무역에서 적자를 내고 있다.

the debate revolved around the morality of abortion.
토론은 임신 중절의 도덕성을 주요 테마로 다루었다.

the justice department has become a very powerful part of the u.s.government.
법무부는 매우 강력한 미 정부 부처가 되었다.

the museum's permanent displays are arranged into nine sections ; amber , bracelets and anklets , necklaces , el dorado and emerald , rings , headdresses and earrings , ethiopian coss , beads and art nouveau and art deco.
박물관의 상시 전시관은 9관으로 구분된다 ; 호박(보석을 만들 때 쓰이는 것) , 팔찌 , 발(목)찌 , 목걸이방 , 엘도라도와 에메랄드 반지 , 머리장식과 반지 벽 , 에 티오피아 십자가 방 , 비즈와 아르누보에 와 아르 데코란 관이 있다.

the results of the election will be clear by noon tomorrow.
당락은 내일 정오면 확실해진다.

the results were stunning.what we found was that speed is not the issue.the real issue is reliability , said horowitz.
결과는 충격적이었어요.신속성이 문제가 아니었어요.진짜 문제는 신뢰도였어요.라고 호로위츠 씨는 말했다.

the results fell short of its expectations and pledged to continue the campaign to eliminate corruption in the officialdom.
이번 조사는 기대에 미치지 못했다고 말하면서 공직사회에서 부패를 근절하기 위한 운동을 계속하겠다고 다짐하였다.

the proof of this is shown by the sheer volume of unexplained deaths.
그 증거는 설명할 수 없는 수 많은 이들의 죽음들이 보여준다.

the observatory is located on the summit.
관측소는 산꼭대기에 있다.

the milky way is incomprehensibly immense , a hundred thousand lightyears across.
우리 은하계는 직경이 십만 광년으로 상상을 초월할 정도로 거대합니다.

the amount of water is decreasing slowly.
물의 양이 서서히 줄어들고 있다.

the diamond is thousands of times harder than corundum.
다이아몬드는 강옥보다 수천 배 더 단단해요.

the clock is ticking toward the first parliamentary session here october 18th.
시계는 10월 18일 , 이곳에서 열리는 독일 연방 의회 개원 시점을 향해 돌아가고 있습니다.

the distances in interstellar space are unimaginable.
항성간의 우주에서 거리란 상상할 수 없을 정도죠.

the astronaut climbed into the cockpit.
그 우주비행사는 조종실안으로 올라갔다.

the businessman seemed to resent everyone else's success.
그 사업가는 다른 사람의 성공에 대해서는 몹시 배아파하는 것 같았다.

the businessman bellied up.
그 기업인은 도산했다.

the circus father says he will inculcate his children all professional skills as an acrobat , motorcyclist , magician , dancer and clown.
서커스를 하는 아버지는 아이들에게 재주 넘기나 자전거타기 , 마술 , 춤추기 , 어릿광대와 같은 모든 기술들을 전수할 것이라고 말했다.

the ways in which solicitors practise are varied.
고객의 자금을 횡령하는 소송 대리인은 감옥에 갈 위험을 무릅쓴다.

the benevolent program includes a fund set up to help members and former members in financial difficulty.
자선 프로그램은 재정적인 어려움에 처한 회원과 이전 회원들을 돕기 위해 조성된 기금을 가지고 있다.

the juice of dongchimi is really refreshing.
동치미 국물이 정말 시원하다.

the overthrow of the military regime was followed by a period of anarchy.
군사 정권이 전복되고 뒤이어 한동안 무정부 상태가 이어졌다.

the bomber , timothy mcveigh , was executed in 2001.
폭파범 timothy mcveigh는 2001년에 사형당했다.

the van horne mansion was built in 1884 by the railway tycoon william van horne.
반 혼 저택은 철도업계 거물인 윌리엄 반 혼이 1884년에 건축한 것으로 무도장 , 온실 , 당구장을 비롯해 모두 29개의 방이 있다.

the drug is now undergoing clinical trials.
그 약은 현재 임상 실험 중이다.

the drug may cause an aggravation of the condition.
그 약물이 상태를 악화시킬 수도 있다.

the drug addicted man was blown out.
마약에 중독된 그 남자는 몽롱한 상태였다.

the divorce was like a slap in the face for jennifer.
부모님의 이혼은 제니퍼에게 정말 충격적인 일이었어요.

the discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. (anthelme brillat-savarin).
새로운 요리의 발견이 새로운 별의 발견보다 인간을 더 행복하게 만든다. (앙텔므 브리야 샤바랭 , 행복명언).

the discovery of photosynthesis in cells began with the findings of joseph priestly.
세포의 광합성에 대한 발견은 joseph priestly의 연구에 의해 시작되었다.

the policeman walked the man off.
경관은 그 남자를 끌고 갔다.

the policeman ran after the suspect.
경찰관이 용의자를 뒤쫓아갔다.

the competition is tough for apple's ipod in south korea.
애플 사의 아이팟이 한국에서 극심한 경쟁으로 몸살을 앓고 있습니다.

the competition attracted over 500 contestants representing 8 different countries.
그 대회에는 8개국을 대표하는 500여명의 경쟁자들이 참가했다.

the competition aloft is growing more fierce.
정상에서의 경쟁은 더욱더 심화되었다.

the exercises are designed to strengthen your stomach muscles.
그 운동은 복근을 강화하도록 만들어진 것이다.

the juvenile diabetic's condition is labile , and both acidosis and hypoglycemia are likely to occur.
소아당뇨는 불안정한 상태로서 , 산혈증과 저혈당이 함께 발생하기 쉽다.

the threat will force greater dispersion of their forces.
폴리머 디스퍼션을 이용한 시멘트 모르타르의 인장접착강도 개선에 관한 기초적 연구.

the folk village located in a suburb of seoul is a must for tourist.
서울 근교에 위치한 민속촌은 관광객들이 꼭 가봐야 할 곳입니다.

the kids were ducking each other in the pool.
아이들은 수영장에서 서로를 물 속에 밀어 넣으며 장난을 치고 있었다.

the boat is dropping off a passenger.
보트에서 승객 한 명이 내리고 있다.

the boat is leaning to one side.
배가 한쪽으로 쏠린다.

the boat was tossed by waves and the waves spent a mast.
보트는 파도에 몹시 흔들렸고 돛대는 부러졌다.

the drop in sales is only a temporary blip.
매출 감소는 일시적 현상일 뿐이다.

the sentence had been wrongly translated.
그 문장은 번역이 잘못되어 있었다.

the password was not correctly confirmed.
암호가 올바르게 확인되지 않았습니다.

the compact is 29 dollars per day , the standard is 39.
소형은 하루에29달러이고 중형은39달러입니다.

the popularity of the new running shoes was overwhelming and it was not very long before knockoff versions appeared on the market.
새로 나온 운동화의 인기가 굉장해서 금세 불법복제품이 시장에 등장했다.

the patient is much better today.
환자는 오늘 꽤 나은 편이다.

the patient had her prescription filled at the apothecary.
환자는 약국에서 처방전대로 약을 조제받았다.

the patient was up and about.
환자 상태가 호전되었다.

the defense witness swore in favor of the opposed side.
피고측 증인은 상대편에 유리한 증언을 했다.

the republican party is in power.
공화당이 정권을 장악하고 있다.

the republican candidate wrote them in 1983 and 1984 while studying at bowdoin college in maine.
공화당 후보는 메인 주 보든 대학에 다니던 1983년과 1984년에 그것들을 썼다.

the designs are available in two colourways : red / grey or blue / grey.
그 디자인은 빨강/회색 , 청색/회색의 두 가지 배색으로 나옵니다.

the secret is simplicity itself pick the fruit at the peak of ripeness , squeeze the juice , and immediately freeze it in the plastic container.
비결은 간단함 바로 그 자체인데 , 과일이 가장 잘 익었을 때 따서 쥬스를 짜내고 플라스틱 용기에 곧바로 냉동시키는 것입니다.

the secret agent tried to look aside from the pretty woman.
비밀요원은 예쁜 여자로부터 주의를 돌리려고 했다.

the guys in my platoon are really foul mouthed.
우리 소대에 있던 녀석들은 정말 입이 더러웠어.

the winner has a reputation for honesty and is now buttressed by an undisputable mandate.
선거의 승자는 정직한 것으로 정평이 나 있고 , 이제 확고 부동한 국민의 신임이 그를 뒷받침하고 있다.

the senator is the leader in the presidential race.
대통령 선거에서 그 상원의원이 선두 주자입니다.

the pain attacks me on and off.
불규칙하게 통증이 몰려옵니다.

the elephant is the symbol of britain.
코끼리는 대영제국의 상징이다.

the minister's reply was terse , to say the least.
장관의 답변은 최소한의 말로써 간결했다.

the minister's beliefs were heretical against the state religion.
그 목사의 믿음은 국교에 반하는 이단이었다.

the present system is complex and unwieldy.
현재 시스템은 복잡하고 다루기 어렵다.

the present status of the building airtightness according to construction workmanship.
기밀 시공 관리에 따른 건물의 기밀도 현황 연구.

the nepal government has banned public gatherings in kathmandu and surrounding areas.
네팔정부는 카트만두와 주변 지역에서 집회를 금하고 있습니다.

the lawyers arranged a purchase agreement between the two businesses.
변호사들은 두 기업 간의 구매 협정을 체결했다.

the decline in fish stocks is due to over-fishing by man , not to the activities of whales , many of which eat only plankton.
물고기 저장량의 감소는 인간이 물고기를 남획하기 때문이지 상당수가 플랑크톤만 먹는 고래들의 활동 때문이 아니야.

the decline in public welfare programs transfers public wealth from middle class to the 1% upper stratum of society.
공공 복지 프로그램의 쇠퇴로 인해 공공의 재화가 중산층으로부터 상위 1% 계층으로 이동하고 있다.

the server log file name can not be updated.
서버 로그 파일 이름을 업데이트할 수 없습니다.

the elderly woman's mate died last week.
그 연세 지긋한 부인의 남편은 작년에 별세했다.

the librarian is looking in the card catalog.
사서는 카드 카탈로그를 보고 있다.

the union and the management settled on a wage increase of one million won.
노조와 회사의 임금 협상은 백만 원 인상으로 타결되었다.

the liver is the largest glandular organ in the body and weighs about 3 pounds.
간은 우리 몸에서 가장 큰 선상 기관이며 무게는 약 3파운드 나간다.

the seat is reserved for senior citizens.
그 자리는 경로석입니다.

the deadline for comment is october 11.
의견 제출 마감일은 10월 11일입니다.

the deadline for submitting items is 10 a*m* on wednesdays.
원고 제출 마감일은 매주 수요일 오전 10시입니다.

the furniture is soft and comfortable , and the curtains are bright and cheerful.
가구는 보들보들하고 안락하며 커튼은 밝으며 유쾌하다.

the furniture was covered with dust.
가구가 먼지로 뒤덮여 있었다.

the owners drilled a 200-meter well to tap a geothermal aquifer.
소유주들은 지열 대수층을 이용하기 위하여 200 미터 깊이의 우물을 팠다.

the telecommunications company collapsed in 2002 in the largest accounting scandal in u.s. history.
이 통신 회사는 2002년에 미국 역사상 최대 규모의 회계부정 사건으로 인해 파산했습니다.

the commonwealth of australia , its official name , is the world's only sovereign state which also acts as a full continent.
공식적인 명칭인 호주 연방은 한 국가가 한 대륙인 세계의 유일한 주권 국가이다.

the suitability analysis of environmentally friendly housing site based on the rural villages model.
농촌마을 조성모델에 기초한 환경친화적 주거단지 입지 적합성 분석.

the chances are dead against us.
전혀 승산이 없다.

the chances of making a safe landfall by helicopter in these conditions are only 30%.
이런 조건에서 헬리콥터가 안전하게 착륙할 확률은 30%에 불과하다.

the interview was less of an ordeal than she'd expected.
면접은 그녀가 예상했던 것보다는 덜 힘든 일이었다.

the interview was recorded and then transcribed.
그 인터뷰는 녹음되었다가 뒤에 글로 옮겨졌다.

the arms of a baboon are about as long as its legs.
개코원숭이(비비)의 팔길이는 그들의 다리길이 만하다.

the demure young man waited to be asked to dance.
그 수줍은 청년은 누가 춤추자고 하기를 기다렸다.

the royal theater canceled its saturday performance so we had to make alternative plans for entertaining the visiting delegation.
왕립 극장이 토요일 공연을 취소해서 우리는 방문중인 대표단을 접대하기 위한 다른 계획을 세워야 했다.

the ruling party criticized the opposing party's offensive as being defamation of the president.
여당은 야당의 정치 공세를 대통령 흔들기라고 비난했다.

the ruling and the opposition parties are engaged in wasteful ideological disputes.
여야가 소모적인 색깔 논쟁을 벌이고 있다.

the profit which a company pronounced was grossed up.
기업이 발표한 이익이 공제 전의 액수로 늘려졌다.

the substance was known as asbestos , meaning inextinguishable or unquenchable.
그 물질은 석면으로 알려져 있는데 , 소멸되지 않거나 채울 수 없는 것을 의미한다.

the grip material is supple and soft providing a moisture resistant surface.
손잡이 부분의 물질은 부드럽고 유연한 소재이며 보습 기능을 지닌 표면을 가지고 있습니다.

the 26th olympiad took place in atlanta , georgia.
제26회 올림픽 대회는 미국 조지아 주의 아틀란타 시에서 열렸다.

the sex organs are among the erogenous zones of the body.
성기는 우리 몸의 성감대 중 하나다.

the contract specifies that equipment maintenance , including routine lubrication and cleaning , will be the responsibility of the provider.
계약에는 정기적으로 기름을 치고 청소하는 것 등의 비품 관리는 공급자의 책임이라는 것이 명시되어 있다.

the 1972 act imposed direct rule from westminster.
1972년 법령으로 (영국) 의회의 직접 통치가 실시되었다.

the women's rights movements were in their ascendancy in the 20th century.
여성의 권리 운동은 20세기에 들어 강화되었다.

the chef served me some vegetables on the side.
요리사는 내게 곁들여 나오는 요리로 야채를 내놓았다.

the surgeon performed a section on the vein.
그 외과의가 동맥을 절개했다.

the turnout for hong kong's annual protest march for greater democracy was greatly higher than last year.
홍콩의 민주화 촉구 연례 시가 행진 참가자들이 지난해보다 훨씬 더 많이 늘어난 것으로 알려졌습니다.

the dynamic relationship between these two has been at the center of the iranian quest for identity.
이 둘 사이의 역동적 관계는 정체성을 찾으려는 이란인들에게 가장 중요한 문제였다.

the title of the debate is slightly misleading.
토론의 주제는 살짝 오해를 일으킬 소지가 있다.

the champion held the lead till the last gun is fired.
챔피언은 최후까지 선두를 지켰다.

the workmen are attaching a load to the hook.
인부가 갈고리에 짐을 매달고 있다.

the urine and feces are separated at source.
소변과 대변은 처음부터 나눠진다.

the vitamin chest divides from 3 to 9 compartments and keeps up to 800 tablets fresh and ready.
이 비타민 용기의 내부는 세 개에서 아홉 개까지 분할할 수 있으며 최고 880정의 비타민을 신선하고 복용하기 편하게 유지시켜 줍니다.

the 21st century will see great advancement of information technology.
21세기에는 정보기술의 큰 진보가 있을 것이다.

the wounds on my hand are healing over.
손에 난 상처가 아물고 있다.

the opinions of the two are contrary to each other.
두 사람의 의견은 서로 상치된다.

the citizens urged the press to acknowledge and stop their biased reports.
시민들은 편파 보도를 일삼는 언론에 각성을 촉구했다.

the citizens rose in arms in all parts of the country.
시민들은 전국 각지에서 봉기했다.

the spectators in the amphitheater cheered the gladiators.
원형 경기장에 있는 관객들은 검투사들에게 환호를 보냈다.

the drain is clogged up.
수챗구멍이 막혔다.

the cornerstone of the president's plan is a tax cut for everyone.
대통령이 내놓은 계획의 토대는 일괄적인 감세 혜택이다.

the bride and her father entered the hall to the strains of the wedding march.
신부와 아버지는 결혼 행진곡의 주악이 울려 퍼지는 가운데 식장 안으로 들어왔다.

the bride and bridegroom are taking a picture with their best man and bridesmaid.
신랑 신부가 자신들의 신랑 신부 들러리 들과 사진을 찍고 있다.

the samples are first immersed in a vat of liquid nitrogen , freezing them instantly.
견본품은 얼도록 먼저 큰 질소액 통에 담그는데 , 순간적으로 냉동이 된다.

the traveler roamed about the world.
그 여행자는 세계를 만유했다.

the amphibious force is supported by specialist amphibious shipping.
그 합동 군사 작전은(육지와 해상의 군사 작전이 합쳐진 상태) 수륙 양용 선박의 전문가들에 의해 지원되고 있습니다.

the amphibious force is supported by specialist amphibious shipping.
그녀는 " 종잡을 수 없는 (이중적인 느낌을 갖고 있는) 사람이야. 어느 계층에도 속해있지 않지. ".

the entrance of the house is covered in vines and the stone stairs just seem to beckon you in , daring you to check out its mysteries.
그 집의 입구는 덩굴로 덮여 있고 , 돌계단은 여러분에게 들어오라고만 하는 것처럼 보인다. 여러분이 이 신비스러움을 감히 확인해 볼 용기를 가지고 있다.

the entrance of the house is covered in vines and the stone stairs just seem to beckon you in , daring you to check out its mysteries.
면.

the entrance fees have been fixed at a low level to promote the citizen and collegiate participation , an official said.
관계자는 입장료는 시민과 단체의 참가를 촉구하기 위해 낮은 수준으로 고정시켰다고 말했다.

the steam master turbo steamer and wet/dry vacuum to order , visit our website : http : //www.steammaster.com.
스팀 마스터 터보 스팀 습/건식 진공 청소기 주문하시려면 저희 웹사이트 http : //www.steammaster.com을 방문하세요.

the aggregate amount of indebtedness is over one million dollars.
통산 부채액은 백만 달러가 넘는다.

the meteorite shows that a 1.4- percent of water is in the basalt.
저 운석은 현무암 안에 1.4퍼센트의 물이 들어있다는 것을 보여준다.

the volcano shot lava high into the air.
그 화산은 용암을 하늘 높이 내뿜었다.

the volcano belched (out) smoke and ashes.
그 화산은 연기와 재를 내뿜었다.

the crazy doctor gave a robot a brainwashing.
미친 과학자는 로봇을 세뇌시켰다.

the secretary-general says a major attempt for international disarmament will reinforce and restore confidence in the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
아난 총장은 국제 군축노력이 핵확산금지조약에서 신뢰를 강화하고 회복시켜 줄 것이라고 덧붙였습니다.

the crown prince is styled his or your highness.
황태자는 전하라고 호칭된다.

the detective lost the scent and did not know what to do next.
탐정은 단서를 놓치고 다음으로 무엇을 할지 몰랐다.

the detective walked on the suspect's tail.
형사는 용의자를 미행하며 걸었다.

the detective silently surveyed the scene.
형사는 사건 현장을 묵묵히 살펴보았다.

the crash of internet stocks in march 2000 wiped out many of the internet's big advertisers : the dot com firms themselves.
2000년 3월의 인터넷 주식 폭락으로 대형 인터넷 광고주들 , 즉 닷컴 회사들이 많이 도태되었다.

the dizzy pace of life in hong kong.
어지러울 정도로 (빨리) 돌아가는 홍콩의 생활 속도.

the dizzy pace of life in hong kong.
어지럽게 돌아다니는 거며 , 고음의 시끄러운 소리에 , 짜증나는 크기하며 , 성가시지 않은 구석이 하나도 없어.

the ascendancy of europe in the world economy is so rapidly coming to an end.
세계경제에서 유럽의 주도권은 급속도로 약해지고 있다.

the burglar was frightened away by the barking of the dog.
개가 짖는 바람에 도둑은 기겁하여 달아났다.

the burglar alarm was activated by mistake.
잘못해서 도난 경보기가 작동했다.

the panel also recommends that japan strengthen immigration requirements for foreigners of japanese descent.
위원회는 또 정부가 일본계 외국인들에 대한 이민요건을 강화할 것을 권고했습니다.

the lamb was out of the wool.
양의 털이 깎였다.

the wise man exercises restraint in his behavior and enjoyment.
현명한 사람은 자기의 행위와 쾌락을 자제한다.

the gallery room has walls festooned with antique maps and prints.
그 화랑에는 오래된 지도와 사진으로 장식된 벽들이 있다.

the outcome of sunday's referendum was an embarrassment for president jacques chirac.
지난 일요일 실시된 국민투표 결과는 자크 시라크 프랑스 대통령을 곤혹스럽게 만들었습니다.

the teen times met the members of s at the sm town office located in apgujeong-dong on october 15.
틴타임즈 10월 15일 압구정동에 위치한 sm 타운 사무실에서 s의 멤버를 만났다.

the teen times met noel at the office of the jyp entertainment co. on march 15.
틴타임즈는 3월 15일 jyp 사무실에서 노을 멤버들을 만났다.

the teen times recently met with a web surfer from empas.com.
최근 틴타임즈는 엠파스의 전문 웹 서퍼를 만났습니다.

the venus of milo is one of the most wellknown ancient greek statues.
" 밀로의 비너스 " 는 가장 잘 알려진 그리스 조각상 중 하나예요.

the filmmaker warner bros said last week that the 17-year-old actor would play his role as harry in harry potter and the half-blood prince and harry potter and the deathly hallows.
영화제작사 워너 브라더스는 지난 주에 이 17세 소년 배우가 해리 포터와 혼혈 왕자 그리고 해리 포터와 죽음의 성도들에서 해리 역할을 맡을 것이라고 말 했어요.

the brush and toothpaste are under the sink.
브러시와 치약이 세면기 아래에 있다.

the paper had a scoop on the scandal.
신문은 이번 스캔들을 특종으로 보도했다.

the paper started to shrivel and curl up in the heat.
종이가 열을 받아 오그라지며 동그랗게 말렸다.

the researcher carried out the survey between april and may this year , with in-depth interviews of 21 multiculturalism experts.
연구원은 올해 4월과 5월 사이에 21명의 다문화 전문가들의 심층 인터뷰와 함께 연구를 수행했습니다.

the texture and colour of the skin , the contours of the body.
그것은 윤곽이 경주용 자동차처럼 매끈하게 디자인되어 있다.

the sympathy of the whole community was centered upon him. or he captured the sympathy of the world.
세상 사람들의 동정이 흡연히 그에게로 집중되었다.

the explorers are ready to dig for more martian treasure in antarctica , as they hope that findings could corroborate preliminary evidence of life on mars.
그 탐험가들은 남극에서 화성인들의 유물을 더 파낼 준비가 되어있고 그들은 그 발견으로 인해서 화성에 생명체가 있다는 기초적인 증거를 확인할 수 있기 를 바라고 있다.

the explorers are ready to dig for more martian treasure in antarctica , as they hope that findings could corroborate preliminary evidence of life on mars.
그 탐험가들은 남극에서 화성인들의 유물을 더 파낼 준비가 되어있고 그들은 그 발견으로 인해서 화성에 생명체가 있다는 기초적인 증거를 확인할 수 있기를 바라고 있다.

the cartoons on the computer are quite interesting , and the characters is cute.
컴퓨터에 나오는 만화는 꽤 재미있습니다. 캐릭터들도 귀엽구요.

the spatial pattern analysis of urban crimes using gis : the case of residential burglary.
gis를 활용한 도시 범죄의 공간패턴분석.

the consumer product safety commission has found that the bath seats give parents " a false sense of security that their child will not slip or topple over in the water " if left alone.
소비자 제품 안전 위원회는 유아용 목욕 의자가 부모들에게 아기를 욕조에 혼자 두어도 미끄러지거나 물에 빠지지 않을 거라는 잘못된 안전 의식을 갖게 한다는 사실을 알아냈습니다.

the consumer loan officer conducteda thoroughcredit check on the applicantsprior to approving the loan.
소비자 대출 담당 직원은 융자를 내주기 전에 신청자의 신용 상태를 철저히 검토했다.

the sample was therefore stratified to include 200 employed and 100 self-employed cases.
200 명의 직장인과 100 명의 자영업자의 사례를 다 포함시키기위해서 샘플을 계층별로 분류했습니다.

the battle is not always to the strong.
싸움에서 강자가 반드시 이기는 것은 아니다.

the battle of shiloh was decisive.
샤일로의 전투가 끝났다.

the lease runs for ten years.
그 전세 계약은 10년 동안 죽 유효하다.

the beneficial effects of drinking tea are prevented by addiing milk.
차를 마심으로써 얻는 유익한 효과들이 우유를 첨가함으로 차단된다.

the thyroid is located below the adam's apple in the throat.
갑상선은 목에서 후골 아래쪽에 위치한다.

the lighthouse stood out starkly against the dark sky.
등대가 어두운 하늘을 배경으로 황량하게 우뚝 서 있었다.

the circuit of the city walls is three miles.
그 도시 성벽의 둘레는 3마일이다.

the mississippi river reached record levels and flooded many residential neighborhoods.
미시시피 강은 사상 유례없는 수위를 기록해 인근 주거 지역을 범람시켰습니다.

the departed will be buried tomorrow.
고인은 내일 매장된다.

the arrow on the barometer is pointing to 'high'.
기압계 바늘이 '고'를 가리키고 있다.

the villagers were very hospitable to anyone who passed through.
마을 사람들은 지나가는 누구에게나 매우 친절했다.

the villagers revere him as an elder.
마을 사람들은 그를 어른으로 떠받들고 있다.

the thief , who could not be identified , abandoned the cello in the street , where it was picked up by margaret smith.
누군지 밝혀지지 않은 그 도둑은 그 첼로를 거리에 버렸고 , 거기서 마가렛 스미스가 그것을 주웠다.

the thief tried to convince the judge that the diamonds were in his pocket due to an act of god.
도둑은 그 다이아몬드는 자기가 모르는 사이에 주머니 속에 들어 있었다고 하면서 재판관을 구슬리려고 하였다.

the thief entered the house through the main gate in state.
도둑은 버젓이 앞문으로 들어왔다.

the thief betook himself to flight.
도둑이 줄행랑쳤다.

the so-called abundance of labor in mexico is a myth.
이른바 노동력이풍부한 멕시코는 신화다.

the hydrodynamic stability of natural convection flows adjacent to an inclined isothermal surface submerged in cold , pure water.
순수한 찬물속에 잠겨있는 경사진 등온벽면 부근의 자연대류에 관한 수동력학적 안정성.

the rumors of oil shock make stock market torpid.
석유 파동의 소문은 주식 시장을 정지 시켰다.

the slices of bread are beside the toaster.
빵 조각들이 토스터 옆에 있다.

the batter is too runny.
반죽이 너무 무르다.

the compass points to thirty degrees.
나침반이 방위 30도를 가리키고 있다.

the researchers found that adolescence brings waves of so-called brain pruning during which children lose about one percent of their grey matter every year until their early 20s.
연구자들은 청소년들은 20대 초반까지 매년 1퍼센트의 회백질이 소실 될 때 소위 " 뇌 전정(가지치기) " 이라고 불리는 파동을 불러일으킨다는 사실을 발견하였다.

the prefrontal lobe , a brain region that keeps emotions in control , shuts down once there is sleep deprivation.
감정을 조절하는 뇌의 부분인 전두엽은 수면 부족일 때 일단 닫혀집니다.

the grapes are in the basket.
포도가 바구니 안에 있다.

the yacht hove to at the harbor entrance.
그 요트가 항구 입구에서 멈춰섰다.

the garden is a riot of colors with a variety of flowers in full bloom. or the garden is gorgeous with variegated flowers in full glory.
정원에 꽃이 천자만홍으로 피어 있다.

the bark of a birch tree is white and black.
자작나무 껍질 색깔은 흑백이다.

the wealthy family hired a nanny for their child.
그 부자집은 아이를 위해 유모를 두었다.

the mellow aroma of baking apples begins to waft to my nose.
사과를 굽는 달콤한 향기가 코로 흘러 들어오기 시작한다.

the apples are in a basket.
사과들이 바구니 안에 있다.

the trim on this car is fine , but the interior is rather poor.
그 차는 외장은 좋지만 내장이 좀 빈약하다.

the trim army sergeant was on leave.
그 말쑥한 육군 병장은 휴가 중이었다.

the u.s.a. has intelligence about other countries' nuclear weapons.
미국은 타국의 핵무기에 대한 기밀 정보를 가지고 있다.

the chair is rocking back and forth.
그 의자는 앞뒤로 흔들리고 있다.

the perspiration soaked through my shirt.
땀이 셔츠에 스며들었다.

the fortress is only not abandoned to the enemy.
요새가 거의 적에게 뺏길 지경이다.

the gangs have money and guns because they sell drugs and commit robberies.
폭력배는 마약을 팔거나 강도질을 해서 돈과 권총을 가진다.

the bony plates of a baby's skull remain separate after birth.
아기의 두개골은 출생 후에 분리된 상태로 남아있다.

the identification , last year , of the gene for cystic fibrosis has already made it possible to identify those persons who carry the genetic trait for the illness.
작년에 낭포성 섬유증의 유전자를 찾아 냄으로써 이미 이 병에 대한 유전형질을 지닌 사람들을 식별하는 것이 가능해졌습니다.

the armed forces are necessary for our defense.
군대는 우리의 방위를 위해 필요합니다.

the armadillo begins backing down the slope.
아르마딜로는 비탈길을 거꾸로 내려가기 시작한다.

the slope increases as you go up the hill.
언덕을 오르면서 경사가 급해진다.

the nun shortened the arm of the boy.
수녀는 소년의 힘을 제한했다.

the drought has ended for the slugger.
강타자에게 슬럼프는 끝났다.

the drought has ruined the crops.
한발로 흉작이 되었다.

the endangered white storks were released into the wild.
멸종 위기에 처한 황새들이 야생으로 돌려보내졌다.

the divers were excited about the treasure they found at the bottom of the sea.
잠수부들은 해저에서 발견한 보물로 흥분해 있었다.

the mesa is a common land formation in the southwest area of the united states including arizona , new mexico and colorado.
메사는 아리조나 , 뉴 멕시코 , 그리고 콜로라도를 포함한 미국의 남서부 지방에서 흔히 보이는 지형이에요.

the daredevil motorists sped along the road in broad daylight.
대낮에 오토바이 폭주족이 거리를 질주했다.

the investigation is aiming to look at transpiration.
그 실험은 증산을 보기 위한 것이다.

the investigation into a new direction of contemporary architecture in terms of actualizing context.
현대건축에서 맥락 드러내기의 새로운 방향성 모색.

the nomads stopped at an oasis in the desert.
유목민들은 그 사막의 오아시스에서 걸음을 멈추었다.

the odds are stacked against him.
그가 당첨이 될 확률은 아주 적어.

the proportion of women who attend medical schools is higher than the proportion of women who teach at medical schools.
의과대학에 재학 중인 여성의 비율이 의과대학 여성 교수의 비율보다 높다.

the sad news drew deep sighs from all the present.
그 비보에 접하여 일동은 깊이 탄식했다.

the performers had a manic energy and enthusiasm.
연기자들은 미친 듯이 에너지와 열의를 뿜어 댔다.

the composition of your work is wonderful.
당신 작품의 구도가 정말 좋군요.

the plumber said that he had his hands full and could not take another job for two weeks.
배관공은 너무 바빠서 2주일 동안 다른 일거리는 받을 수 없다고 말했다.

the soil is tillable.
그 땅은 경작에 알맞다.

the newcomer , with the joyfulness of a debutante , beat the older woman in straight sets.
그 신인은 사교계에 처음 나온 여자 같은 즐거운 기분으로 자기보다 나이가 더 많은 여성을 연속 세트로 물리쳤다.

the giants defeated the red sox two games in a row.
자이언츠는 레드삭스를 연파했다.

the poet in me moved at the view.
그 경치를 보고 시흥이 솟았다.

the smallest digital camera will come into the market soon.
최소형 디지털 카메라가 곧 시판될 것이다.

the smallest praying mantis is the bolbe pygmaea.
가장 작은 사마귀는 볼브 피그마이어입니다.

the winters are very cold with lots of snow.
겨울은 눈도 많이 내리고 너무 추워요.

the defeat was a great eye-opener for the people.
패전은 국민을 크게 각성시켰다.

the arched windows inside the church were beautiful.
그 교회 내부의 아치형 창문들은 아름다웠다.

the cloth in flakes was put into the garbage can.
박편이 된 천은 쓰레기통에 버려졌다.

the engineer prepared a preliminary diagram of the new flexible circuitry.
엔지니어는 새로운 플렉시블 회로의 예비회로도를 준비했다.

the indonesian government assumes the quake killed more than five-thousand and left around 200-thousand people homeless.
인도네시아 정부는 이번 지진으로 인한 사망자가 5천여명에 이르고 , 대략 20여만명이 집을 잃은 것으로 추산하고 있습니다.

the archimedes principle influenced the development of the boat and submarine.
아르키메데스의 원리는 보트와 잠수함의 개발에 영향을 미쳤다.

the submarine design base is rapidly eroding.
잠수함 설계 기반이 빠르게 잠식되고 있다.

the consequence is that there's no god.
결론적으로 신은 없다.

the consequence was that my departure was delayed.
그것 때문에 출발이 늦었다.

the emerging theory has a nifty , edgy buzzword - co-evolution !.
부상하는 이론은 재치 있고 , 신랄한 전문 용어 - 공(동)진화 - 를 가진다 !.

the whale shark has such a huge mouth in order to feed on plankton ?.
고래상어의 큰 입은 플랑크톤을 먹고 살기 위한 것이에요 ?.

the egyptian artists tried to make art that accurately showed humans , the world and their spiritual beliefs.
이집트의 예술가들은 사람들 , 세계 그리고 그들의 정신적 믿음을 정확히 보여 주는 예술품을 만들려고 노력했다.

the woods were dense with large trees.
숲에는 아름드리 나무들이 울창하게 서 있었다.

the christ in majesty is a masterpiece beloved by most christians.
그리스도가 영광의 옥좌에 앉아 있는 그림은 대부분의 그리스도 교인들에게 사랑을 받고 있다.

the primitive housing of the ethnic minorities of northeastern china , and their influence on korean traditional houses.
중국동북지역 소수민족의 원시적 주거형식과 한국주거와의 관계.

the dalai lama's visit to taiwan is causing a big brouhaha in beijing.
달라이 라마의 대만 방문은 중국 정부에게 큰 소동을 일으켰다.

the battleship is out to sea.
전함이 바다로 나왔다.

the u.n. high commissioner for refugees (unhcr) reports that in the past four years , an about six million refugees have returned home.
유엔 난민고등판무관실은 지난 4년 사이에 약 600만명의 난민들이 고향으로 돌아간 것으로 보고하고 있습니다.

the memorial is its crucial centerpiece.
그 기념비는 가장 핵심된 것이다.

the judge will give a candid opinion.
판사는 공평한 판결을 내릴 것이다.

the judge will crack down on him.
재판관이 그를 엄히 다룰 것이다.

the judge then entered a plea of not-guilty and rejected saddam's statement that he was still president of iraq.
이에 주심 판사는 무죄 답변 과정에 들어갔으며 , 사담이 자신은 아직도 이라크 대통령이라는 발언을 기각했습니다.

the judge directed the jury to deliver a verdict of unlawful killing.
판사는 배심원단에게 불법적 도살에 대한 평결을 발표하라고 지시했다.

the saudi ambassador to the united states , prince turki al-faisal , also disagrees , saying the freedom center report does not exactly describe what is happening in saudi arabia.
사우디 아라비아의 주미대사인 투르키 알-파이잘 왕자는 의 연구보고서가 현재 사우디에서 일어나고 있는 것을 정확하게 기술하지 못하고 있다면서 다른 의견을 제시했습니다.

the aramaic word for peter is kepha or cephas , depending on how it is translated.
그것이 어떻게 번역되느냐에 따라서 peter는 아람 말로는 kepha 또는 cephas라고 한다.

the maker of aspirin and alka-seltzer will now be adding the likes of roche's rennie digestive tablets to its lineup.
이에 따라 아스피린과 알카 셀처의 제조업체인 바이엘은 레니 소화제 등의 로슈 사 의약품을 자사 제품에 추가할 수 있게 되었습니다.

the polish defense minister says the deal raises questions about germany's commitment to european union security and foreign policies.
폴란드 국방 장관은 독일과 러시아 간의 그 같은 합의는 유럽 연합의 안보와 외교 정책에 대한 독일의 공약에 대해 의문을 제기하는 것이라 고 지적했습니다.

the melting snow caused the river to rise.
눈석임으로 강물이 불었다.

the melting process in an ice - ball capsule.
아이스볼내의 융해과정에 대한 해석.

the dumfries aquifer is generally regarded as the most productive aquifer in scotland.
dumfires 대수층은 보통 scotland에서 가장 생산적인 대수층으로 여겨진다.

the formation of a new cabinet will be attended with much difficulty.
새 조각은 난산일 것이다.

the aqueduct was being repaired.
수도관은 수리 중이었다.

the inventors of the spin gadget were awarded first prize in the family fun games contest for their creative idea.
스핀 게짓을 발명한 사람들이 " 가족 오락 게임 기구 " 경연대회에서 그 창의적인 아이디어로 1등상을 받았다.

the biologist classified that big plant as a flower , not a tree.
생물학자는 저 큰 식물을 나무가 아니라 꽃으로 분류했다.

the technological trend of the dye-sensitized solar cell by patent happing.
특허분석에 의한 염료감응형 태양전지 기술동향.

the romans used to deify their emperors.
로마인들은 황제를 신격화했었다.

the concept of " equality " is extremely important in the united states.
미국에서 평등의 개념은 아주 중요하다.

the sum 1 , 521 is a four-digit number.
1 , 521은 네자리 숫자이다.

the republicans have characterized democrats as a bunch of weenies.
공화당원들은 민주당원을 못난이들이라고 규정했다.

the legislature appropriated the funds for the construction of the university library.
의회는 대학 도서관 건립을 위한 자금의 지출을 승인했다.

the chorus sang harmony to his song.
그가 노래를 부르고 합창단이 화음을 넣었다.

the fund expects to have around us$750 million to disburse in its first year.
그 자금은 첫해에 지출액으로 약 7억5천만 달러가 될 것으로 예상된다.

the hierarchical structures of cause-and-effect relationships on the profit factorsin overseas construction projects.
해외건설공사 수익성 영향인자의 계층구조 및 사례적용에 관한 연구.

the carpenter said this is the way to drive a nail , accroding to hoyle.
그 목수는 " 이것이 못질을 제대로 하는 방법이야. " 라고 말했다.

the carpenter said " this is the way to drive the nail home , according to hoyle. ".
목수는 " 이것이 못질을 제대로 하는 방법이야 " 라고 말했다.

the graduates were scattered in all directions.
졸업생이 뿔뿔이 흩어졌다.

the difference , in a nutshell , is this.
그 차이는 간단하게 말하자면 이거야.

the difference , then , is that a stone is not conscious of possibilities , whereas human beings are conscious that they face genuine alternatives.
따라서 그 차이는 인간은 진정한 양자 택일의 기회가 있다는 것을 의식하는 반면에 돌은 그러한 가능성을 의식하지 않는다는 것에 있다.

the handkerchief is stained with blood.
손수건에 핏물이 들었다.

the infection site will often discolor for a radius of 20 centimeters , but the spider venom may affect the whole body , and take two months to clear up.
감염 부위는 종종 반경 20센티미터 정도가 변색되지만 , 거미 독은 온 몸에 퍼져서 완전히 해독하려면 2개월 정도가 걸립니다.

the critic threw bricks at the play.
비평가는 그 연극을 혹평했다.

the programme gives the facts but does not apportion blame.
그 프로그램은 사실을 전달하지 책임 소재를 따지지는 않는다.

the delay is due to the bad weather.
나쁜 날씨 때문에 연착되고 있다.

the lawmaker was first past the post.
그 국회의원은 겨우 당선되었다.

the lawmaker put on lugs , which irritated other people.
그 의원은 젠체를 해서 다른 사람들을 짜증나게 했다.

the cricket player opened his shoulders in the match.
시합에서 크리켓 선수는 마구 쳤다.

the folks on the left are usually home in the afternoon because they run a doughnut shop , and have to get up really early to bake.
왼쪽 집에 사는 사람들은 오후에 보통 집에 있는데 , 왜냐하면 그 사람들이 도넛 가게를 하고 있고 도넛을 굽기 위해 아침 일찍 일어나야 되기 때문이야.

the singer's new album was a smash hit. or the new album went off with a bang.
가수의 새 일범은 대히트였다.

the singer's appearance on the stage caused everyone to applaud.
무대 위로 그 가수가 등장하자 모든 사람들이 갈채를 보냈다.

the girl's father was generous about the blunder.
소녀의 아버지는 실수에 대해서 관대했다.

the label on your coat says that it's machine-washable , but my experience with this type of fabric is that it's not always colorfast.
고객님 코트의 라벨에는 세탁기로 빨아도 된다고 되어 있지만 이런 종류의 옷감을 취급해 본 제 경험으로 볼 때 절대 변색되지 않는다고 볼 수 없어요.

the output gap is not directly observable.
결과의 차이는 직접적으로 식별할 수 없다.

the ordeal left her looking pale and drawn.
그 호된 시련을 겪은 그녀는 얼굴이 핼쑥하게 야위어 있었다.

the mask for that was , if you like , patient-doctor confidentiality.
그 마스크는 말하자면 환자와 의사끼리의 비밀이었다.

the darker side of spyware is almost unlimited.
스파이웨어의 폐해는 헤아릴수 없을 정도입니다.

the cave of gariwanda , where the remains of chino man have been found , is in a limestone formation called dragon-bone hill.
치노인의 유적이 발굴된 가리완다 동굴은 용골산이라고 불리우는 석회암 층에 있다.

the firefighters went back into the house with scant regard for their own safety.
소방관들은 자신들의 안전은 별로 고려하지 않고 그 집 안으로 다시 들어갔다.

the cascade bicycle club sponsors a helmet-fitting station and rents helmets for $8 , from 10 a.m.-4 p.m.
캐스케이드 자전거 클럽이 헬멧 정비센터를 후원하고 있으며 헬멧 대여는 오전 10시부터 오후 4시까지이며 , 대여료는 8달러입니다.

the destitute families are given an allowance.
가난한 가정들은 보조금을 지급받는다.

the ghost of her father that had come back to haunt her.
그녀에게 나타난 아버지의 유령.

the ghost made his hair curl.
유령은 그의 간담을 서늘하게 했다.

the angel is on a cloud.
천사가 구름 위에 있다.

the angel was guilty of contumely against god and then became very wicked.
그 천사는 신에게 오만의 죄를 범했고 그리고 나서 아주 사악해졌다.

the revelation of his scandalous past led to his resignation.
창피한 과거가 밝혀져서 그는 사임을 하였다.

the machinery on board continues to corrode.
선적된 기계가 계속 부식하고 있다.

the climber got a handhold on a rock and pulled herself up.
그 등반가는 바위 모서리를 꽉 붙잡고 몸을 당겨올렸다.

the climber slipped and lost her grip.
그 등산객이 발을 헛디디면서 손을 놓쳤다.

the apiarist runs an apiary.
그 양봉가는 양봉장을 운영하고 있다.

the lovely bones is a drama about a young woman who died and narrates the play from heaven.
lovely bones는 죽은 한 젊은 여자에 관한 드라마이고 그 여자가 하늘에서부터 연극의 내레이션을 합니다.

the landlord did fine by us.
집주인은 우리한테 잘 해줘.

the landlady has modified the terms of lease.
집주인 여자는 임대 조건을 변경했다.

the landlady tried to push the door off the latch.
집주인이 걸쇠를 벗기고 문을 밀려 했다.

the oven design was originally developed for a contest sponsored by the swedish national energy administration.
그 오븐 디자인은 당초 스웨덴 국가 에너지 관리국이 후원한 콘테스트에 출품하기 위해 개발되었다.

the cookies were the same color as the crumbs !.
그 쿠키들은 부스러기들과 색깔이 똑같았어요 !.

the messenger spacecraft will launch next month , beginning an 8 billion km , seven-year journey to the planet closest to the sun.
내달 발사하는 메신저 호는 80억 킬로미터에 이르는 7년간의 여행을 시작해 태양에서 가장 가까운 행성에 이르게 됩니다.

the messenger panted out the news.
사자는 헐떡거리며 소식을 전했다.

the unreasonable demands of his superiors drove him from his job.
그는 상사들의 불합리한 요구 때문에 직장을 그만뒀다.

the bag was wrenched from her grasp.
그 가방은 잡고 있는 그녀의 손에서 확 잡아채였다.

the bag contained an identification card and a photo.
그 가방엔 신분증과 사진 한 장이 들어있었다.

the ski club is for teenagers.
그 스키클럽은 10대를 위한 클럽입니다.

the ski resort is surrounded by mountains.
그 스키장은 산으로 둘러 싸여 있다.

the coffin will be borne out (of the house) at 10 am monday.
발인은 월요일 오전 10시다.

the coffin was placed in the grave.
관이 무덤 속에 안치되었다.

the businessmen will proceed the job on their own terms.
그 기업인들은 자기 생각대로 일을 진행할 것이다.

the scorpion has a sting in its tail.
전갈은 꼬리에 (독)침이 있다.

the bottle holds two hop or so.
그 병은 두 홉이 더 든다.

the hormones estrogen and androgen also cause secondary sex characteristics in females and males.
에스트로겐과 안드로겐 호르몬은 여성과 남성에게 2차 성징을 야기한다.

the fighter planes returned to base.
전투기는 기지에 귀착했다.

the longest bridge in europe is in lisbon.
유럽에서 가장 긴 다리는 리스본에 있습니다.

the ceo of the company signed the contract with the reservation that the company downsize its scale.
회사의 최고 경영자는 회사의 규모를 줄인다는 조건부로 계약서에 서명을 했다.

the ceo of ogc is peter gershon.
ogc의 최고의 경영자는 peter gershon이다.

the ceo began his work as a low man on the totem pole.
최고경영자는 평사원으로 일을 시작하였다.

the plug in the crankshaft fell out meaning no oil pressure.
크랭크축의 플러그가 빠져나간 것은 유압이 없다는 것을 뜻한다.

the agenda also includes meetings on health and migration issues , and the development of regional economic communities.
또한 보건과 이민 , 그리고 지역 경제공동체 개발 문제 등도 의제에 포함돼 있습니다.

the antecedent of the horse was a small four-toed animal.
말의 조상은 발가락이 네 개인 작은 동물이었다.

the flora has broad leaves with a reticulated vein structure.
그 식물상은 그물 모양의 잎맥 구조를 가진 넓은 잎 식물이다.

the cow is tethered to the stake.
소가 말뚝에 매어져 있다.

the lively girl was always as fresh as paint.
활발한 그 소녀는 항상 생기 발랄했다.

the waitress at central perk is jolly d.
central perk의 웨이트리스는 대단히 친절하다.

the bones of pakicetus show that this large mammals lived 50 million years ago.
파키세투스의 뼈들은 이 거대 포유류들이 5천만년 전에 살았다는 것을 보여준다.

the bones begin to grind against each other , leading to pain and deformity.
비타민 d가 부족하면 영구적인 뼈의 기형을 초래할 수 있다.

the countryside glowed with color in the fall.
시골은 추색이 짙었다.

the subscriptions amounted to little short of a million won.
기부금은 100만원 안짝이었다.

the cathode - ray tubes found in personal computer monitors each contain between five and eight pounds of lead.
개인용 컴퓨터의 모니터에 있는 브라운관에는 5-8파운드의 납이 들어 있습니다.

the upward pressure on house prices was also affecting eligibility for regeneration funding.
집값에 대한 상승압박은 재건자금의 자격까지 영향을 미치고 있다.

the renewed controversy began when the center of china's borderland history and geography research released papers that said the balhae kingdom , which was established after the fall of the koguryeo kingdom and which ruled the area from 698 to 926 , was founded by chinese minorities and was , in effect , a chinese provincial government.
중국의 국경지역의 역사 및 지리연구 센터에서 고구려가 망한 뒤 건국되어 그 지역을 698년부터 926년까지 지배했던 발해왕국이 중국의 소수민족 -사실상 의 중국의 지방정부였던- 에 의해서 건국이 되었다고 설명하고 있는 보고서를 발표했을 때 이 새로운 논쟁이 시작되었습니다.

the picnic turned into a free-for-all after midnight.
그 피크닉은 한밤중이 넘자 난투로 변했다.

the bee tells the other bees where the food is.
그 벌은 다른 벌들에게 먹이가 어디에 있는지 알려 준다.

the cock is going cock-a-doodle-doo.
수탉이 꼬끼오 하고 운다.

the dinosaur fossil is incomparable to the fossils of all other animals.
공룡의 화석은 다른 어떤 동물의 화석에도 비교가 안된다.

the fleet was all but annihilated.
함대는 거의 전멸하다시피 했다.

the shanghai bourse has dropped even harder.
상하이 증권 거래소는 더 심하게 떨어졌다.

the enclosure of common land in the seventeenth century.
17세기에 공공 부지에 울타리를 두른 것.

the skaters were gliding over the ice.
스케이트를 타는 사람들이 얼음 위에서 미끄러지듯 움직이고 있었다.

the skaters moved over the ice with a smooth , effortless grace.
스케이트 선수들이 유연하고 힘을 들이지 않는 듯이 우아하게 얼음판 위를 움직였다.

the boxer was koed in the 10th round.
그 권투선수는 10회에 ko패 했다.

the boxer decked his opponent in the third round.
권투선수는 3회전에서 상대 선수를 다운시켰다.

the goliath frog does not croak as much as other frogs.
이 골리앗 개구리는 다른 개구리들처럼 개굴개굴 울지 않아요.

the corrosive effects of salt water.
소금물의 부식 효과.

the fist obstruction to wellbeing.
웰빙의 건너편.

the knot was fastened in such a way that it was impossible to undo.
그 매듭은 풀기가 불가능한 그런 식으로 묶여 있었다.

the ruins that remain of the mycenaeans appear very bleak in present day , with bare stone walls on windswept hillsides.
미케네 인들이 남겨 놓은 유적은 오늘날에는 바람받이 산비탈의 돌 벽뿐이어서 아주 황량해 보인다.

the chancellor was laden with too many responsibilities , which led to his ill health.
총장은 너무 많은 책임을 지고 있어서 건강이 악화되었다.

the wicked are punished , the good come into their own.
악인은 망하고 선인은 성한다.

the wicked magician cast a spell over the princess.
그 사악한 마술사가 공주에게 마술을 걸었다.

the soundtrack is fuzzy in places.
사운드트랙이 군데군데 분명히 안 들린다.

the urge to survive drove them on.
살아남고자 하는 강한 욕구가 그들을 계속하게 만들었다.

the civic facilities of chennai at present have improved a lot.
현재 마드라스 내의 도시 시설은 많은 것이 개선됐다.

the ktu also accused local newspapers , chosun ilbo and donga ilbo , for making it seem like the teachers themselves had written the research booklets.
전교조는 마치 선생님들 자신들이 이 연구용 소책자를 쓴 것처럼 만든 조선일보와 동아일보 두 지역신문을 역시 비난했습니다.

the populace at large is / are opposed to sudden change.
일반 대중들은 갑작스러운 변화를 반대한다.

the youth was charged with three counts of burglary.
그 청소년은 세 건의 절도죄로 기소되었다.

the sailor put the helm up.
선원이 키를 위로 잡았다.

the sailor nursed along the ship in the pacific.
태평양에서 선원은 배를 느릿느릿 항해시켰다.

the scissors are under the sewing machine.
가위가 재봉틀 밑에 있다.

the eruption has left a thin veil of dust in the upper atmosphere.
그 여성들은 그 나라의 관습을 존중하여 베일을 쓰고 있었다.

the inca empire was a splendid civilization that flourished in south america.
잉카제국은 남미에서 찬란한 문명을 꽃피웠다.

the stretch of nucleotides between the two , is called a transcription unit.
두개의 뉴클레오타이드 사이를 잡아당기는 것을 , 전사 단위라고 부른다.

the scenery is beautiful beyond all description.
경치가 형용할 수 없을 만큼 아름답다.

the scenery viewed from the mountaintop was indescribably gorgeous.
산 정상에서 내려다본 풍경은 형언할 수 없을 정도로 아름다웠다.

the jewels were locked up in a strongbox.
보석은 자물쇠로 잠긴채 금고에 놓여 있었다.

the strawberry jam is all gone. how about some honey ?.
딸기잼은 다 떨어졌어. 꿀은 어때 ?.

the sailors are down near the water.
선원들이 물 근처로 내려와 있다.

the sailors were on a cruise.
선원들이 순항 중이었다.

the ship's crew was sluicing down the deck.
배의 승무원들이 갑판을 씻어 내리고 있었다.

the ship's guns leveled at the lighthouse.
그 배의 대포는 등대에 조준을 맞췄다.

the windward side of the boat.
바람이 불어오는 쪽의 뱃전.

the abacus was used as a mechanical aid , used for counting.
주판은 계산에 쓰이는 기계적인 기구로 쓰였다.

the professor's lecture on the anatomy was great.
그 교수님의 해부학 강의는 훌륭했어요.

the phrase has a spurious and superficial logic.
그 구절은 비논리적이고 피상적인 논리를 가지고 있다.

the compare with willingness to pay of the interest groups to improve of built environments in the built up area.
기성 시가지 개발계획 목표설정를 위한 가치측정에 관한 연구.

the transaction is voidable at the instance of the society.
그 거래는 사회의 요청에 따라 무효로 될 수 있는 것이다.

the mystic planet is now heading toward its closest approach to the earth in 17 years , tantalizingly near and signaling.
지금 이 불가사의한 행성은 초조할 정도로 가까이서 신호를 보내면서 17년 이래 지구에 가장 가까운 접근로를 향하고 있다.

the analogizing the image of city future by analyzing scene in the science fiction films and the human action desire.
영화속에 나타난 미래 모습과 인간행동 욕구 분석을 통한 미래1122상 예측연구.

the monolithic structure of the state.
거대한 단일 구조로 된 국가.

the habitual use of this medicine is good for your health.
이 약을 늘 먹으면 몸에 좋다.

the monetary unit of korea is the won.
한국의 화폐 단위는 원이다.

the disposal of surplus property is within guidelines issued by the department.
잉여재산의 처분은 지침서 내에 부서로부터 발행된다.

the amplitude of her steps is large and elegant like a dancer.
그녀의 걷는 동작의 크기는 무용수처럼 크고 우아하다.

the outlook for the future of scandinavian countries , is also good.
북유럽 국가들의 미래 또한 밝다고 , 커크가드 연구원은 말했습니다.

the stereo is across from the couch.
오디오는 소파의 건너편에 있습니다.

the colosseum was used for gladiatorial contests and public spectacles.
콜로세움은 검투 경기와 대중의 볼거리를 위해 사용되었다.

the easter bunny will come tonight.
부활절 토끼가 오늘밤에 올거야.

the brook straggles along the mountainside.
시냇물이 산허리를 굽이굽이 흐르고 있다.

the amp system in that lecture hall is good.
그 강의실은 앰프 시설이 잘 되어 있다.

the foolish woman pulled a stunt.
그 어리석은 여자는 계책을 썼다.

the daffodils came out early this year.
올해는 수선화가 일찍 피었다.

the lungs of the earth are actually the photosynthetic plankton in the sea.
사실 , 지구의 허파는 바다에 있는 광함성하는 플랑크톤이다.

the suspects all had alibis for the day of the robbery.
모든 용의자들이 강도 사건이 있던 날에 대해 알리바이가 있었다.

the flute was a remembrance from his mother.
그 플루트는 그의 어머니가 준 기념품이다.

the show's final curtain fell amidst the highest acclaim.
공연은 절찬리에 막을 내렸다.

the restaurants are kind of pricey down there.
저 아래 식당들은 좀 비싸.

the potato is native to america.
감자는 미국이 원산지이다.

the relative error changes as a consequence.
그 결과 상대오차가 변한다.

the deliberate cruelty of his words cut her like a knife.
그의 말에 담긴 의도적인 잔인함이 그녀를 비수처럼 찔렀다.

the wording of amendment no. 33 contains a non sequitur.
수정조항 제 33조는 불합리한 추론을 담고 있다.

the haunting guitar melodies that typify the band's music.
그 밴드 음악의 특징인 , 잊혀지지 않는 기타 선율.

the chaser would not work with advertisers limiting content.
체이저는 내용을 제한하는 광고주와는 일하지 않는다.

the burner emits a strong smell of gas.
버너에서 가스 냄새가 심하게 난다.

the statesman has high ideals about saving the world.
그 정치가는 세계를 구원하려는 높은 이상을 가지고 있다.

the ambiance surrounding the festival is a vestige of the spanish colonial heritage in the philippines.
그 축제의 분위기는 필리핀의 스페인 식민전통의 흔적이다.

the warmth of spring is evident now.
이제는 따스한 봄기운이 완연하다.

the profits and loss are on a par.
손익이 없다.

the bay was shadowed by magnificent cliffs.
그 만에는 장엄한 절벽이 그늘을 드리우고 있었다.

the aluminium body is 12% lighter than if built with steel.
알루미늄 동체는 강철로 제작되었을 때보다 12%가 더 가볍다.

the washing machine can be used as a drier as well.
그 세탁기는 건조도 된다.

the layout of that office is spacious.
저 사무실은 널찍하게 설계되었다.

the waiters were rude and unhelpful , the manager ditto.
웨이터들은 무례한데다 도움이 안 되었고 매니저도 마찬가지였다.

the alternate route is via heron bay.
다른 길로는 헤론 만을 경유하는 길이 있어요.

the sleeves have not fit properly since i bought it.
내가 그 옷을 구입한 이래로 계속 소매가 맞지 않아요.

the pilgrims failed to find the place to settle.
순교자들은 정착할 곳을 찾는 데 실패했다.

the narrator wanted to know if he was mad , or not.
그 해설자는 그가 화났는지 , 안났는지를 알고 싶어 했다.

the buttons that appear here enable you to move from screen to screen.
여기 나타나는 단추를 사용하여 화면 간을 이동할 수 있습니다.

the detachment of cables from the computer will take an hour.
컴퓨터에서 전선을 떼어내는 데 한 시간 걸릴 것이다.

the reorganization will take place all the way along the line.
개편은 전면적으로 실시될 것입니다.

the farmhouse had fallen into a state of dilapidation.
그 농가는 황폐한 상태로 변해 버렸다.

the lining on the inside is torn.
안감이 찢어져 있다.

the riverbed was strewn with big boulders.
바닥에는 옷이 흩어져 있었다.

the temptation to make common cause with such groups should be resisted.
그런 그룹과 함께하고자 하는 유혹은 반대되어야 한다.

the worm was still above snakes.
벌레가 아직도 살아있었다.

the historian will commonly assign several causes to the same event.
역사가는 같은 하나의 사건에도 여러 가지 원인이 있는 것으로 보는 것이 보통이다.

the bulb should just screw into the socket.
그 전구는 소켓에 대고 그냥 돌리면 들어맞는다.

the dialogue between the two men , both of whom knew nothing about the topic at hand , was full of pointless rhetoric.
준비된 주제에 관해 아무것도 모르던 두 남자는 요점없는 미사여구만 잔뜩 늘어 놓았다.

the cellar floods whenever it rains heavily.
그 지하실은 비만 많이 오면 침수된다.

the flags blow in the wind.
깃발이 바람에 휘날린다.

the prosecution is trying to link those deposits to bribes they say mr. estrada received from gambling syndicates.
검찰측은 이 예치액과 뇌물을 연계시키려 하고 있는데 , 그들 주장으로는 에스트라다가 불법 도박업계로부터 받은 것이라고 합니다.

the hunter got lost in the snow and had to backtrack home.
그 사냥꾼은 눈속에서 길을 잃어서 왔던길로 되돌아가야만했다.

the 1984 olympics were held in los angeles , the most populous city in california.
1984년 올림픽은 캘리포니아 주에서 가장 인구가 조밀한 도시인 로스앤젤레스에서 열렸다.

the tractor is pulling the piece of equipment.
트랙터로 장비를 끌고 가고 있다.

the grass is interspersed with beds of flowers.
잔디밭 여기저기에 화단이 있다.

the grass was browning in patches.
잔디가 군데군데 고동색으로 변하고 있었다.

the prudent man played for safety.
그 신중한 사람은 안전하게 굴었다.

the sahara desert is dry and infertile.
사하라 사막은 메마른 불모의 땅입니다.

the oldest daughter in a large family creates magical meals that help family members deal with the ups and downs of daily life in bangkok.
대가족의 맏딸이 기상천외한 음식을 만들어 내어 가족이 방콕의 일상생활의 기복을 헤쳐나가는 데 도움을 준다.

the oldest maps are kept in a basement storage area.
가장 오래 된 지도들은 지하 창고에 보관되어 있다.

the impending state execution of alex corvis may provide the randalls , and what seems the majority of this crowd , with some form of justice.
곧 진행될 알렉스의 처형이 랜들 씨 가족과 여기 모인 다수의 군중들에게 일종의 정의감을 부여해 주는 것 같습니다.

the limejuice and the bitters must be added before the ginger ale.
반드시 라임주스와 비터즈를 진저 에일보다 먼저 섞어야 합니다.

the bookcase is screwed to the wall.
그 책꽂이는 나사로 벽에 고정되어 있다.

the kenyan police have become notorious for their use of excessive lethal force.
케냐 경찰은 과도한 살상무력을 남용하는 것으로 악명을 떨치고 있다.

the ducks are swimming along the shore.
오리들이 해안가를 따라 헤엄치고 있다.

the permit , for a 40-megawatt generating station on the outskirts of worcester , rounds out a list of four sites in worcester county.
우스터 외곽에 건립되어 40메가와트의 전력을 생산하게 될 발전소 건립이 승인을 받음으로써 우스터 카운티 내 네 개의 발전기 설립 지역이 최종 확정되었습니다.

the itar-tass news agency says he told each government ministry to appoint a special official to explain policies to the legislature.
이타르-타스 통신은 수상이 정부 각 부처로 하여금 의회에 정책을 설명해 줄 특별 관리를 임명하도록 지시했다고 전했습니다.

the orphan was left in the care of his grandparents.
조부모님이 그 고아를 거두게 되었다.

the salesmen did not respect one another's territory and the sales manager did nothing to resolve the problem.
영업 사원들은 각자의 담당 구역을 서로 존중하지 않았고 영업부장도 문제 해결을 위해 아무 조치도 취하지 않았다.

the bitch fresh and sweet started her business again.
교도소에서 막 출옥한 매춘부는 일을 다시 시작했다.

the weatherman said that it would be sunny today.
오늘은 날씨가 화창할 거라고 기상 통보관이 말했어요.

the weatherman said that today's high was the coldest in this decade.
기상통보관이 오늘 최고기온이 십 년만의 최저기온이라고 그랬어.

the frontier between the land of the saxons and that of the danes.
색슨족과 데인족 영토 사이의 경계.

the reporter used his keen nose to sniff out additional material.
그 기자는 그의 예민한 후각을 이용해서 취재를 계속했다.

the reporter was taken blindfold to a secret location.
그 기자는 눈을 가리운 채 어느 비밀 장소로 끌려갔다.

the reporter looked into the conditions in the slums.
기자는 슬럼가의 환경을 탐방했다.

the microscope was invented in holland in 1570.
현미경은 1570년 네덜란드에서 발명되었다.

the richest man can not afford such a thing.
여하한 부자도 그런 짓은 할 수 없다.

the prevailing forecast is that the dollar will remain weak.
달러 약세가 계속될 것이라는 전망이 우세하다.

the envelope was put in the mail without being sealed.
그 봉투는 밀봉되지도 않은 채 우편으로 부쳐졌다.

the envelope was stuck down with sellotape.
그 봉투에는 접착테이프가 붙여져 있었다.

the correlation between the affective responses and residents' satisfaction in apartment housing estates.
아파트 주거환경의 감성적 반응과 주거만족도의 상관성 연구.

the eligibility to vote was contingent on your social class ; the upper and mid-upper classes were permitted to vote.
선거하기 위한 자격은 당신의 사회 계층에 달려있다. 상류층과 중산층은 투표가 허락되었다.

the sarcasm in his voice gets on my nerves.
그의 빈정거리는 말투가 신경에 거슬린다.

the moguls skier won australia's only gold medal of the games , with alisa camplin taking bronze in the women's aerial skiing.
그 모글스키 선수는 에어리얼 스키에서 동메달을 획득한 앨리사 캠플린과 함께 호주의 유일한 금메달을 따냈습니다.

the skier fell and dislocated a shoulder.
그 사람은 스키를 타다 넘어져서 어깨뼈가 탈구되었다.

the senator's sponsorship of the job training legislation.
그 상원의원의 취업 교육 법안 발의.

the backup is complete. to see a report with detailed information about the backup , click report.
백업을 완료했습니다. 백업에 대한 자세한 보고서를 보려면 , 보고서를 클릭하십시오.

the maoist rebels had initially rejected the king's decision monday to reinstate parliament , calling it a conspiracy to allow him to retain power.
마오쩌둥 반군들은 당초 국왕에게 권력을 다시 실어주려는 의도가 담긴 월요일의 국회 복원 결정을 거부해 왔습니다.

the diarrhoea and vomiting had severely disrupted the electrolytes.
설사와 구토는 극심하게 전해질을 파괴했습니다.

the 42-year-old adventurer left japan in his kayak-shaped 26-foot boat on july 11 and reached the coast of washington state 134 days later.
42세의 이 모험가는 7월 11일 카약 모양의 26피트 배를 타고 일본을 떠나 134일 후에 washington 주의 해변가에 이르렀다.

the eco washer uses one-third the detergent that the other models do !.
에코 워셔는 세제를 다른 세탁기의 3분의 1밖에 사용하지 않습니다.

the forum was very expensive , therefore numerous fundraisers were planned.
포럼은 굉장히 비쌌으므로 많은 모금 행사가 계획되었다.

the humidity is moderate too , which makes it a good place to escape the hot and clammy summers of the midwest and the deep south.
습도도 적당해서 중서부 지방과 최남부 지방의 뜨겁고 끈적끈적한 여름을 피하기에 좋은 장소예요.

the lifeboat rescued the sailors from the sinking boat.
구명정 덕분에 선원들은 가라앉고 있는 배에서 구조되었다.

the noble gases are the far right elements on the periodic table.
비활성 기체들은 주기율표의 가장 오른쪽편에 자리잡고 있다.

the earl and countess of rosebery.
로즈베리 백작과 백작 부인.

the inevitable consequence is a slide back into all-out war.
전면전으로 빠져드는 것은 불가피한 결과이다.

the bases were filled with two out.
이사 만루가 됐다.

the resin is harvested from the small , knotted trees and essential oil can be distilled from the resin.
송진은 작고 울퉁불퉁한 나부에서 수확되고 에센셜 오일은 송진에서 증류될 수 있어요.

the fertilization of many plants is done by bees.
많은 식물들이 벌에 의해 수정된다.

the sheep were grazing on the lush green pasture.
양들은 무성한 푸른 초원에서 풀을 뜯어먹고 있었다.

the printer lost the last page of the author's manuscript.
그 인쇄업자는 작가의 원고 마지막 장을 잃어버렸다.

the demonstrations added a rancid touch to sino-u.s. relations that had already turned sour.
시위는 이미 안좋은 중미관계에 악영향을 끼쳤다.

the bookstore's actually right next to my company.
사실은 저희 회사 바로 옆에 서점이 있거든요.

the detergent is sold in powdered form.
그 세제는 가루 형태로 판다.

the invisible man on the other hand argues differ.
반면에 그 눈에 보이지 않는 남자는 주장을 달리 했다.

the tent began to sag under the weight of the rain.
텐트가 빗물 무게를 못 이기고 축 처지기 시작했다.

the residue of the estate was divided equally among his children.
그 재산의 잔여 유산은 그의 자녀들에게 공평하게 분배되었다.

the hiv virus can be spread by sharing hypodermic syringes.
인체 면역 결핍 바이러스는 피하 주사기를 함께 씀으로써 전염될 수 있다.

the acrobat performed a daring feat.
곡예사는 대담한 묘기를 부렸다.

the magician was done by mirrors with card.
마술사가 카드로 트릭을 썼다.

the clown played the buffoon before the spectators.
관객 앞에서 광대는 익살부렸다.

the wildfire was extinguished after three hours.
산불은 3시간 만에 진화되었다.

the lawn in the front yard is kept very neat.
앞마당의 잔디는 아주 깔끔하게 관리된다.

the limousine is still only $12 , oneway , and $20 , round trip.
리무진 버스는 편도 12달러 , 왕복 20달러밖에 하지 않습니다.

the schema of work delay analysis by input factor in construction.
건축공사의 투입요소에 의한 작업지연 원인분류 체계.

the schema master manages modifications to the schema.
스키마 마스터는 스키마의 수정을 관리합니다.

the tendon " locks " in the feet are so strong that a bat will often remain hanging even when it's dead !.
발에 있는 이 힘줄 " 자물쇠 " 는 어찌나 강력한지 종종 죽은 다음에까지 천정에 매달려있는 박쥐도 있습니다.

the iranians were withdrawn from the negotiating table.
이란은 협상장에서 철수했습니다.

the dockworkers' strike is intensifying cargo congestion.
항만 노조의 파업으로 화물 적체 현상이 심화되고 있다.

the sweep of mountains extended for kilometers.
산의 굴곡이 수 키로미터에 걸쳐 뻗어있었다.

the accrual of interest.
이자 발생.

the expiration date on this yogurt was november 20.
이 요구르트는 유효 기간이 11월 20일까지였어.

the beggar asked for me money , but i turned away his head.
거지가 구걸을 했지만 , 나는 외면했다.

the curriculum and the design process for the establishment of the studio management.
스튜디오 운영의 정착을 위한 커리큘럼 모형과 디자인 프로세스.

the richly furnished museum opened last december.
최고의 설비를 갖춘 그 박물관은 지난주 개관했다.

the helicopter is being readied for takeoff from the base.
헬기가 기지에서 발진 준비를 하고 있다.

the helicopter is approaching the field.
헬리콥터가 이.착륙장에 접근하고 있다.

the vietnamese government has welcomed consent with the united states guaranteeing american support for vietnam's accession to the world trade organization.
베트남 정부는 자국의 세계무역기구 (wto) 가입을 지지하기로 한 미국과의 합의를 환영했습니다.

the dewey decimal classification system is the most widely used classification system in the world.
듀이의 십진분류법은 세상에서 가장 널리 사용되는 분류법이다.

the elaborate facade contrasts strongly with the severity of the interior.
공들여 장식한 정면은 내부의 수수함과 강한 대조를 보인다.

the brake fluid.fish in chinese sauce , along with rolls and a bowl of soup.eo.he palestinians.in 2003.folder.
윤활유 , 오일 , 필터 , 브레이크와 타이어 공기압 확인에서부터 파워핸들 오일 , 냉각수 , 브레이크 오일 등 전부 확인해 드립니다.

the blessed ones will bless korea.
하늘에 계신 성도들은 대한민국을 축복 할 것이다.

the sheer volume of this material is mind-boggling.
이 물질의 엄청난 양은 너무나 놀라운 것이었다.

the charade shows on the tv seems to have captured the public fancy.
텔레비전의 제스처 게임은 일반 대중의 인기를 얻은 것 같다.

the depositors besieged the bank. or the bank had a rush of depositors.
예금자들이 은행으로 밀려들었다.

the latter , of course , but what product represents the best investment ?.
물론 후자겠지요 , 그런데 어떤 상품이 투자 가치가 가장 높을까요 ?.

the latter means that patients take extra measures in addition to what their doctor prescribed.
후자는 환자들이 의사가 처방해 준 것에 더하여 추가적 조치를 취하는 것을 말한다.

the biography weaves together the various strands of einstein's life.
그 전기는 아인스타인 삶의 여러 요소들을 함께 엮어 놓고 있다.

the monument was moved bodily to a new site.
그 기념비는 온전히 새 장소로 이전되었다.

the emancipation proclamation did not free all slaves in the usa.
노예해방선언이 미국의 모든 노예를 해방시키지는 않았다.

the machine's different typing elements have been carefully designed to provide outstanding durability.
그 기계의 각각의 인쇄 활자들은 뛰어난 내구력을 보장하도록 신중하게 고안되었다.

the cushion faded in the sun.
방석이 햇볕에 바랬다.

the abolition of serfdom in russia in 1861.
1861년 러시아에서의 농노 제도 철폐.

the abolition of caning in schools.
학교에서의 체벌 폐지.

the northerners were polite but unwilling to accept even the most basic confidence-building measures.
북한측은 공손했지만 가장 근본적인 신뢰구축 조치조차도 받아들이려 하지 않았다.

the instructor asked me to stretch my arms and yawn.
강사는 나보고 기지개를 켜고 하품을 하라고 했다.

the abduction of pets has become a national problem.
애완 동물 탈취는 전국적인 문제가 되었다.

the bakery is having a sale on doughnuts.
그 빵집은 도너츠를 염가 판매하고 있다.

the functionality was raised successfully. it may take 15 minutes or more for this information to replicate to all domain controllers.
기능을 성공적으로 올렸습니다. 이 정보가 모든 도메인 컨트롤러로 복제되려면 15분 이상 걸릴 수 있습니다.

the pub is a social context , as the sociologists would say.
사회학자들은 공공이라는 것은 사회적 배경을 의미한다고 말한다.

the pub offers limitless beer on weekdays.
그 호프집은 평일에는 맥주를 무제한 제공한다.

the takeover of the company is bound to mean more job losses.
그 회사의 기업 인수는 틀림없이 더 많은 실직 사례가 생길 것을 의미한다.

the clever thief led the police a merry chase.
영리한 도둑은 경찰을 따돌려 고생시켰다.

the striker just got the third goal in this game and he gets a kick like a mule.
그 공격수는 이 게임에서 세 번째 골을 방금 넣었으며 매우 흥분하고 있다.

the ottomans of turkey finally ended the byzantine empire.
터키의 오스만 제국이 마침내 동로마 제국을 멸망시켰다.

the parity bit would still be correct for that sequence of 0s and 1s.
패리티 비트는 0과 1의 패리티 비트 순서를 바꾼다.

the blonde girl licked out the voluptuous chocolate on the dessert.
금발의 소녀는 디저트 위에 얹힌 맛있게 생긴 초콜릿을 핥아 먹었다.

the moth lays eggs , repeating the life cycle.
나방은 알을 낳고 그렇게 라이프 사이클을 되풀이한다.

the intruder let out a low moan.
그 침입자는 신음소리를 냈다.

the butcher , the baker , the candlestick maker were gathered and made a new group.
온갖 직업의 사람들이 모여서 새로운 그룹은 만들었다.

the busted flush , brown is languishing on 7 , 077.
그 회사 주식은 뉴스에도 불구하고 2~3 달러 선에서 죽치고 있다.

the squirrel is sitting in the tree.
다람쥐가 나무에 앉아 있다.

the sting of salt in a wound.
상처에 소금이 닿는 따가운 느낌.

the procession made its stately progress through the streets of the city.
그 행렬은 도시 거리를 장중하게 나아갔다.

the census is taken in the usa every ten years.
미국에서는 10년마다 인구 조사를 한다.

the census bureau reported today the number increased by 1.1 million to 37 million.
인구조사국은 빈곤층이 110만 명 늘어나 전체 3천 700만 명으로 증가했다고 오늘 발표했습니다.

the rash is not painful or itchy , but is infectious.
발진은 아프거나 가려운 것이 아니지만 , 전염되는 것이다.

the cork flew off with a pop.
코르크 마개가 펑 하고 날아갔다.

the fairy , tinker bell , was flying over her hand.
요정 팅커벨이 그녀의 손 위로 날고 있었다.

the basement smells moldy.
지하실에서 곰팡이 냄새가 난다.

the drains are bunged up with dead leaves.
배수구가 낙엽들로 막혀 버렸다.

the bull butted him with its horns.
소가 그를 뿔로 받았다.

the circumference of the moon is about 7 , 000 miles. or the moon is about 7 , 000 miles in circumference.
달의 원주는 약 7 , 000 마일이다.

the porter started to push the baggage.
짐꾼은 그 수화물을 밀기 시작했다.

the build-up of armaments in this region is creating an explosive warehouse.
이 지역의 군비 증강은 화약고를 만드는 것이다.

the lumber is covered with a tarp.
목재가 방수포로 덮여 있다.

the hydra , a relative of jellyfish , can reproduce via budding.
해파리의 친척인 히드라는 발아를 매개로 생식할 수 있습니다.

the buckle usually remains in place for the rest of your life.
남은 당신의 인생은 죔쇠를 지고 살아야 한다.

the cowboy had bandy legs.
그 카우보이는 다리가 바깥쪽으로 휘였다.

the cowboy put the saddle on his horse.
카우보이는 자신의 말에 안장을 얹었다.

the brutalities of war are glossed over in news reports.
전쟁의 잔혹 행위들이 뉴스 보도에서는 그럴 듯하게 포장된다.

the brotherhood of subway workers are expected to walk off the job tonight at midnight.
오늘 밤 자정을 기해 지하철 노조가 파업에 돌입하기로 결정했다.

the (soup) broth has a hearty flavor.
국물이 시원하다.

the spicy chili makes the dish tasty.
매운 고추의 향이 음식을 감칠맛 나게 한다.

the handshake is a kind of social convention.
악수는 일종의 사회적 관습이야.

the brood are out. or some chicks are hatched.
병아리가 깨었다.

the snack foods sold by street vendors were tempting to children.
거리의 군것질거리들이 아이들을 유혹했다.

the gambler won the game because he cased the deck.
도박사가 모든 카드의 움직임을 보고 기억해 두었기 때문에 게임에서 이길 수 있었다.

the gambler dopes the ponies with a gentle voice.
도박꾼은 조용히 우승마를 예측한다.

the 106 were whittled down to 16 , then five , with hotly tipped miss dominican republic not making the final five despite strong support from the mainly chinese crowd.
106명은 16명으로 추려졌고 , 그리고 5명으로 추려졌는데 , 열렬히 환호를 받은 미스 도미니카 공화국은 주로 중국인들에게 큰 지지를 받았음에도 불구하고 최종 다섯 명에 뽑히지 않았습니다.

the quest for philosophy's beginning is idle , for everywhere in all beginnings we find only the crude , the unformed , the empty , and the ugly. what matters in all things is the higher levels. (friedrich nietzsche).
철학의 시발점을 찾아가는 여정은 쓸모 없다. 모든 것의 시작점에는 가공되지 않고 , 다 형성되지 않았으며 , 공허하고 추악한 것들만 있기 때.

the quest for philosophy's beginning is idle , for everywhere in all beginnings we find only the crude , the unformed , the empty , and the ugly. what matters in all things is the higher levels. (friedrich nietzsche).
문이다. 모든 것에서 중요한 것은 더 높은 단계에 있다. (프레드리히 니체 , 생각명언).

the 22nd annual copenhagen folk festival starts on friday and runs for a week.
제 22회 연례 코펜하겐 포크 페스티발은 금요일에 시작해서 1주일간 계속된다.

the briny water also has ruinous effects on the ecosystem.
염분이 많은 물은 생태계에 파괴적인 영향을 끼친다.

the irradiated tyrog civilization is on the brink of extinction.
방사능에 노출된 티로그 문명이 사라질 위기에 처해 있다.

the sights and sounds of mexico , it's a culture brimming with bright colors , passion and the unofficial refreshment of the land , tequila.
멕시코는 시각적 , 청각적으로 화려한 색상과 정열 그리고 멕시코의 비공식적 기호품인 데낄라로 생동감 넘치는 문화를 자랑하는 곳입니다.

the air's circulation is what creates wind.
공기의 순환은 바람을 일으킨다.

the frozen ground thaws and new life sprouts.
얼었던 겨울 땅이 녹고 새 생명이 싹튼다.

the outline for the plan is completed.
계획의 뼈대가 완성되었다.

the beast is well known for their man-eating reputations.
그 짐승은 사람을 잡아먹는 것으로 잘 알려져 있다.

the breton quintet adheres to a conviction that music is organic.
브레튼 5중주단은 음악은 자연이라는 신념을 굳게 지키고 있다.

the pond is thinly coated with ice.
연못에 살얼음이 얼었다.

the windowpanes were steamed up with people's breath.
유리창이 사람들의 입김에 흐려졌다.

the thymus gland plays a very important role in the development of the functioning immune system.
흉선은 면역체계 기능의 발달에 매우 중요한 역할을 합니다.

the locus of decision making is sometimes far from the government' s offices.
의사 결정의 장소가 때로 관청이 아닌 경우도 있다.

the dishware is breakable.
접시류는 깨지기 쉽다.

the pencil is cheap by the dozen.
그 연필은 한 다스라야 싸다.

the vendor has agreed to give us a discount.
판매상은 할인해 주겠다고 동의했어요.

the slogan should be something that people will immediately associate with bradbury , says town councilman curtis quentin.
슬로건은 사람들이 즉시 브래드버리를 연상시킬 수 있는 것이어야 합니다라고 시 의원인 커티스 퀀틴 씨는 말합니다.

the vintage was later than usual.
포도 수확기가 보통 때보다 늦었다.

the phantom hound loomed suddenly out of the mist.
유령 사냥개가 안개 속에서 불쑥 모습을 나타냈다.

the shepherd showed him a bouquet.
양치기는 왕에게 꽃다발 하나를 보여 주었다.

the jamaican runners overtook the american team to win the 400-meter relay.
자메이카 선수들은 미국 팀을 앞지르고 400미터 계주에서 우승했다.

the bells tolled a death knell.
조종이 울렸다.

the bourbon kings ruled france by divine right.
부르봉 왕조는 프랑스를 신권 통치했다.

the stagnant economy is the cause of the weak domestic demand.
경기 침체가 내수 부진의 원인이다.

the floors had been stripped and sealed with varnish.
바닥들은 윗부분을 벗겨 내고 니스가 발라져 있었다.

the boughs of the appletree are weighed down with fruit. or the boughs of the appletree are drooping under the weight of the fruit.
사과나무의 가지가 열매의 무게로 휘어졌다.

the nickname loser went with him wherever he went.
그에게는 늘 패배자라는 딱지가 붙어 다녔다.

the blank man had the boldness to lend some money.
빈털터리는 배짱 좋게 돈을 빌렸다.

the tyrant tried to keep the people under.
폭군은 사람들을 억누르려고 했다.

the trophy was inscribed with his name.
그 트로피에는 그의 이름이 새겨져 있었다.

the army's guard was up at the border.
국경에서 군대는 경계 태세를 취하고 있었다.

the chairpersons of the exposition said this year's exposition.
전시회 책임자는 올해의 전시회는 작년 규모의 3배가 될 것이라고 밝혔다.

the flagging liberalism of boris yeltsin may not stay in command of events much longer.
보리스 옐친의 맥 풀린 자유주의는 그리 오랫동안 사태를 장악하지 못할 가능성이 있다.

the microphone does not seem to be working. does it need new batteries ?.
마이크가 작동하지 않는 것 같아요. 건전지를 갈아야 되나요 ?.

the publisher has leaned over backward to meet the editors' demands.
발행인은 편집자들의 요구에 부응하기 위해 최선의 노력을 했다.

the lands were perfect for growing millet , rice , and other grains.
그 땅은 잡곡과 쌀 , 그리고 다른 곡식을 기르기에 완벽했다.

the elasto-plastic analysis of hemisphere supported with cylinder by the shell bending element by the rigid element method.
강체요소법에 있어서 쉘휨 요소를 이용한 원통으로 지지된 반구형쉘의 탄소성해석.

the stealth fighter is an designed aircraft to be invisible to radar.
스텔스 전투기는 레이다에는 보이지 않게 고안된 항공기이다.

the bombed city changed into a heap of ashes.
폭격을 맞은 도시가 잿더미로 변했다.

the detonation could be heard miles away.
폭발음은 수마일 떨어진 곳에서도 들을 수 있었다.

the playground has slides and swings and jungle gyms.
놀이터에는 미끄럼틀과 그네와 정글 짐도 있어요.

the conjunction of low inflation and low unemployment came as a very pleasant surprise.
저인플레이션과 저실업의 결합은 대단히 기분 좋은 깜짝 선물로 다가왔다.

the boer war.
보어 전쟁(1899~1902에 있은 보어인들과 영국인들 사이의 전쟁).

the concorde two decades after it first streaked through the skies --and the sound barrier--the concorde celebrates its 20th birthday as a technical marvel , but as a commercial failure.
콩코드 여객기 콩코드 여객기가 최초로 음속의 한계를 넘어 하늘을 질주한 지 20년이 지난 지금 , 경이로운 기술력은 증명한 반면 , 상업적으 로는 실패한 채 20회 생일을 맞게 되었다.

the concorde two decades after it first streaked through the skies --and the sound barrier--the concorde celebrates its 20th b-day as a technical marvel , but as a commercial failure.
콩코드 여객기 콩코드 여객기가 최초로 음속의 한계를 넘어 하늘을 질주한 지 20년이 지난 지금 , 경이로운 기술력은 증명한 반면 , 상업적으 로는 실패한 채 20회 생일을 맞게 되었다.

the cellist gave an exceptional performance ; it was great !.
그 첼로 연주자는 탁월한 연주를 들려 주었다. 굉장했지 !.

the decor of the dining hall was stark by comparison with that of the conference room , where works by known artists were prominently displayed.
저명한 예술가의 작품들로 멋있게 장식된 회의실에 비해 식당의 실내 장식은 무미건조했다.

the demarcation between domestic and foreign policy therefore has become increasingly blurred.
국내와 국외 정책 사이의 경계가 점점 불분명해지고 있다.

the carpet needs cleaning. someone dropped food on it.
카페트를 빨아야해. 누가 음식을 흘렸거든.

the moonlight came through my window.
달빛이 창을 통해 들어왔다.

the moonlight reflected off the still water.
잔잔한 수면 위로 달빛이 비쳤다.

the khmer rouge's leader pol pot died eight years ago.
크메르 루즈의 지도자였던 폴 포트는 8년 전에 세상을 떠났습니다.

the nauseous smell of the garbage made him feel sick.
그는 역겨운 쓰레기 냄새때문에 속이 메스꺼웠다.

the hairdresser clipped her hair with scissors.
미용사는 가위로 그녀의 머리를 잘랐다.

the duchess knows for her lavish spending habits , and her taste for things expensive and exotic.
공작 부인은 낭비벽이 심하고 고가 외제품을 선호하는 것으로 알려져 있다.

the israelis also bombed two lebanese army airbases near the syrian border , and laid a sea and air blockade on lebanon.
이스라엘은 레바논 공군 기지 두곳에 폭격을 가하고 레바논의 해상과 공중 봉쇄를 단행했습니다.

the plague lasted from contact in the early 1500s to as early as the french and indian wars of the 1750s.
흑사병은 1500년대 초반의 접촉에서 1750년대 프랑스와 인도의 전쟁까지 지속되었다.

the newlyweds are enjoying a blissful honeymoon period.
그 신혼부부는 깨가 쏟아진다.

the fortune-teller woman as she gazed into her crystal ball.
점쟁이 여자가 수정 구슬을 응시했다.

the hostages were used as a human shield.
그 인질들이 인간 방패로 이용되었다.

the politician's opponents are engaging in a smear campaign against him.
그 정치가의 정적들은 그에 대한 비방 모략을 전개하고 있다.

the clergyman preached a fiery sermon.
성직자는 열정적인 설교를 했다.

the rupture is caused by cold weather.
그 파열은 추운 날씨때문이다.

the priceless treasures have been handed down across the generations.
그 귀중한 보물들은 대대로 전해 내려오고 있다.

the lumberman perspired as he cut trees under the blazing sun.
벌목꾼은 이글거리는 태양 아래서 나무를 베면서 땀을 흘렸다.

the regiment was recruited from the highlands specifically for service in india.
키 패럿이라는 종은 뉴질랜드의 고지대 빙하 근처에 산다.

the sinuous grace of a cat.
고양이의 우아한 선회 동작.

the consulate office in denver does not handle visa applications.
덴버 영사관은 비자 신청을 받지 않습니다.

the lizard regenerated its broken tail.
그 도마뱀은 잘려진 꼬리를 재생시켰다.

the ohio history study group continues its lectures on the middle ages program with a series on exploring medieval art.
오하이오 역사 연구회는 중세 연구 강좌를 계속하며 , 이번에는 중세 미술을 집중 탐구합니다.

the lourdes medical committee meets yearly to decide whether several dozen claims of miracles can be explained medically.
루르드 특별의료위원회는 매년 한 번씩 회의를 열어 기적적인 병치유가 의학적으로 설명될 수 있는지 여부를 가름합니다.

the poet's head was wreathed with laurel.
시인의 머리는 월계관으로 장식되었다.

the foreigners who took part in the rescue effort also complained about russian stonewalling.
구조작업에 참가했던 외국인들은 러시아인의 비 협조에 대해서도 불평했다.

the embryo clones artificially fertilized this way grew into a clump of cells in laboratory dishes genetically matched to the skin cell donors , who all had some disease or injury.
이같은 방법으로 인공적으로 수정된 복제 배아는 연구실에서 일부 질병이나 부상을 갖고 있는 피부 세포 기증자들과 유전적으로 조화를 이루는 세포로 배 양됐습니다.

the taiga is located in northern canada and alaska.
타이가는 북캐나다 와 알래스카에 위치해있다.

the remedies for improving subcontract payment systems in the korean construction projects.
건설공사 하도급 대금지급 관련 제도의 개선방안.

the dancers danced in perfect symmetry.
무용수들은 완벽한 균형을 유지하며 줌을 추고 있었다.

the dancers twirl bright scarves almost faster than the eye can see.
무용수들은 눈이 돌아 갈 정도로 빨리 밝은 색의 스카프를 돌렸다.

the conservatory often has special shows or exhibitions , including an annual orchid show , poinsettia show , and african violet show.
이 온실은 종종 매년 개최되는 난초 전시회 , 포인세티아(홍성초)전시회 , 아프리카 제비꽃 전시회와 같은 특별한 전시회를 갖는다.

the belgian delegation is going to be free for the entire afternoon today , and they want to go sightseeing. any suggestions ?.
벨기에 대표단이 오늘 오후는 일정이 없어서 관광을 하고 싶다는군요. 어디 갈 만한 데 없을까요 ?.

the carp i fished is still full of life.
내가 낚은 잉어는 아직도 팔팔하다.

the carp was caught in a lake by a tour guide.
이 잉어는 한 여행 가이드에 의해 호수에서 잡혔어요.

the consolidation of japan's banking industry.
일본의 금융업 강화.

the mafia runs the rackets in big cities.
마피아는 대도시에서 불법적으로 돈을 벌고 있다.

the state-run traffic broadcasting system (tbs) is hoping to address this issue with its new english show called seoul of asia.
국영 교통방송은 아시아의 서울이라는 새로운 영어 쇼로 가지고 이 문제를 처리하기를 바라고 있습니다.

the state-run press has strongly criticized the monopoly for poor service , costly installation fees and expensive calling rates.
국영 보도기관은 비싼 설치료와 통화료에 비해 부실한 서비스에 대하여 강력히 비난했다.

the bicyclists ride along the path.
사람들이 오솔길을 따라 자전거를 타고 가고 있다.

the bicameral legislature of the united states is housed in the capitol.
미 국회 의사당에는 상하 양원 건물이 있다.

the insularity of bhutan is explainable.
부탄의 고립성은 설명가능하다.

the confirmation does not match the password.
암호가 확인되지 않습니다.

the chancellorship of the university was bestowed upon her in 1992.
1992년 그녀에게 그 대학의 명예총장직이 주어졌다.

the flour-bespattered booby adds : 'i'm keeping her identity a secret.
온통 진흙이 튄.

the defenders put up a strong resistance.
수비수들이 강력한 저항을 펼쳤다.

the skirts are quite worn out.
치맛자락이 다 닳았다.

the petrochemical industry.
석유 화학 공업.

the declaration of independence proclaimed that all men are created equal.
그 독립 선언문은 모든 인간이 동등하게 창조되었다고 선언했다.

the eclipse will begin in brazil and will be visible from northern africa to mongolia and parts of central asia.
일식은 브라질에서 시작될 것이며 북아프리카에서부터 몽골과 일부 중앙아시아에서까지 보실 수 있을 것입니다.

the cavalcade of horsemen was extremely dignified.
기수들의 행진 대열은 매우 위엄 있었다.

the upshot is that we are running out of time.
결론은 우리에게 남은 시간이 별로 없다는 거지.

the ominous metallic sound of a zipper lowered rent the silence of the toilet.
지퍼를 내리는 기분 나쁜 쇳소리가 화장실의 정적을 갈랐다.

the chandelier has crashed to the floor.
샹들리에가 바닥에 떨어져 박살났다.

the heiltsuk group also lives in british columbia.
헤일석 집단 또한 브리티쉬 콜롬비아에 삽니다.

the yankees won the last three world series.
양키스는 지난 세 번의 월드시리즈 타이틀을 (모두) 차지했다.

the curd and whey will separate.
응유와 유장은 분리될 것이다.

the barman beamed a warm smile at her.
바텐더가 그녀를 보고 따뜻하게 활짝 웃었다.

the male's yellow beak differentiates it from the female.
수놈의 노란색 부리가 암놈과 다른 점이다.

the cracker is so dry , it crumbles when you touch it.
과자가 너무 말라서 만지는 대로 바슬바슬 부스러진다.

the superintendent of schools in dallas.
댈러스 교육청장.

the polishing grits are divided into two major categories fine and coarse.
광택 그리트는 두 가지의 주요 범주로 나뉘는데 , 그것은 미세 광택용과 거친 광택용이다.

the qeum river basin overall development project summary of report.
금강유역조사사업보고서 요약.

the shopper chooses four of the numbers based on a prearranged , unchanging sequence.
구매자는 사전에 정해 놓은 불변의 자리에 해당하는 숫자 네 개를 고르게 된다.

the median strip of the expressway helps prevent accidents.
고속도로의 중앙분리대는 교통사고 방지에 일조한다.

the monsoon season will be over.
장마철이 곧 끝날거야.

the spaceship carrying professor hugo's space zoo settled down in chicago for its yearly six-hour visit.
hugo 교수의 우주 동물원을 실은 우주선은 연례적인 6시간 동안의 방문을 위해 시카고에 착륙했다.

the insurgent group cautioned the south koreans' employers and other foreign companies to leave the niger delta or face more drastic action in the future.
이 단체는 한국인 근로자들과 다른 외국기업들에게 니제르 델타 지역을 떠나지않으면 , 앞으로 더욱 심한 일을 당하게될 것이라고 경고했습니다.

the insurgent group cautioned the south koreans' employers and other foreign companies to leave the niger delta or face more drastic action in the future.
이 단체는 한국인 근로자들과 다른 외국기업들에게 니제르 델타 지역을 떠나지않으면 , 앞으로 더욱 심한 일을 당하게될 것이라고 경고했습 니다.

the cultivation of users' consciousness for future housing.
미래주거를 위한 소비자 교육의 필요성.

the drummer is carrying his instruments.
드럼 연주자가 악기를 옮기고 있다.

the worldrenowned tenor made his operatic debut in his hometown of barcelona in 1970.
이 세계적 명성의 테너는 1970년 고향인 바르셀로나에서 오페라 데뷔 무대를 가졌습니다.

the bok unveiled a sample of the new banknote to the public on february 25 after completing its design and anti-forgery protection.
한국은행은 화폐디자인과 위조방지를 완성하고 2월 25일 대중에게 신권의 도안을 공개했다.

the headhunter offered the banker a better job at a different bank.
헤드헌터가 은행가에게 타은행의 더 나은 자리를 제안했다.

the vivacious and colorful street life of bangkok was tourist attraction in itself.
방콕의 활기넘치고 다채로운 거리 생활은 그 자체로 관광 명소였다.

the bandit is planning to retire.
도둑이 은퇴할 계획을 세우고 있다.

the hanseatic league stranglehold in norway : during the 1300s , the baltic sea was controlled in large part by a german mercantile alliance known as the hanseatic league.
노르웨이에서 한자동맹 저지하기 : 1300년대에 , 발틱해는 한자동맹이라고 알려진 독일 상인들의 동맹이 상당부분이 지배하고 있었습니다.

the balloonists are waiting for optimum weather conditions before taking off.
그 기구조종사들은 이륙하기 전에 최적의 날씨 조건이 되기를 기다리고 있다.

the ballerina made a lateral movement.
무용수는 옆으로 움직여 갔다.

the babylonian new year celebration lasted for 11 days.
바빌로니아의 새해 축하는 11일 동안 지속되었습니다.

the florestan trio's record label hyperion is now drastically cutting back on new projects to pay legal costs.
플로레스탄 트리오의 음반사인 하이페리온은 지금 소송 비용을 지불하기 위해 새로운 음반 사업 계획들을 대폭 축소하고 있습니다.

the remainder of the stock will be sold off cheaply.
나머지 주식들은 헐 값에 매각될 것이다.

the pods take five to six months to ripen , and contain 30 to 45 pale beans encased in a sugary , white pulp.
콩 꼬투리는 익는 데 5~6개월이 걸리며 당질의 흰색 과육안에 30에서 45개의 엷은 색 콩이 들어가 있다.

the directional wind speeds for a short return period in korea : evaluated by the joint probability distribution of the wind direction and speed.
한국 각지의 짧은 재현기간에 대한 풍향별 기대풍속.

the cusp of a leaf.
나뭇잎의 뾰족한 끝.

the voluptuous catherine zeta jones and the curvaceous kate winslet are voted in the top 10 female celebrity list.
관능적인 캐서린 제타 존스와 곡선미 있는 케이트 윈슬렛이 여성 연예인 상위 10위 안에 선정되었다.

the syllabus lists the knowledge and competences required at this level.
교수요목에는 이 단계에서 요구되는 지식과 기능들이 열거되어 있다.

the unrest has its origins in economic problems.
그 불안은 경제적인 문제에 기원을 두고 있다.

the scholarly investigation found that seventy percent of those with the lowest literacy skills said they could read and write english well or very well.
조사에 의하면 최저 수준의 문자 해독력을 보인 사람들 중에 70%가 자신들이 영어를 잘 , 또는 매우 잘 읽고 쓸 수 있다고 말하는 것으로 밝 혀졌습니다.

the sanskrit word yoga means yoke or union , and refers to a state of being at one with the divine.
산스크리트 단어인 " 요가 " 는 멍에 또는 결합을 의미하고 신과 개인과의 상태를 참조합니다.

the curative properties of the simple ingredients can help heal stubborn acne.
간단한 성분들의 치료적인 특성은 잘 낫지 않는 여드름을 치료하는 데 도움을 줄 수 있습니다.

the outcry against the government's policies will subside only if a compromise is reached in the assembly.
정부 정책에 대한 거센 반대는 의회에서 타협이 이루어져야만 가라앉을 것이다.

the cubic capacity of a car's engine.
승용차 엔진의 용적량.

the thinner the dough the thinner the crust.
반죽이 얇을수록 빵껍질도 얇아진다.

the pygmy marmoset is the world's smallest monkey !.
피그미 마모셋 원숭이는 세계에서 가장 작은 원숭이랍니다 !.

the pygmy marmoset monkeys in this picture were born in a zoo in sweden last month.
사진 속의 피그미 마모셋 원숭이들은 지난달 스웨덴의 한 동물원에서 태어났어요.

the pentagon opened the report friday to the american civil liberties union , which requested it under the freedom of information act.
미 국방부는 금요일 , 미국 시민자유연합이 정보자유법에 따라 요청한데 따라 이같은 내용의 보고서를 공개했습니다.

the serbs have not agreed to that stipulation.
세르비아 인들은 그 조건에 동의하지 않았다.

the reverb was what scared us.
그 울림은 우리를 겁나게 하는 것이었다.

the doctors' strike in south korea has crippled the nation's hospitals and clinics.
한국에서는 의사들의 폐업으로 전국의 병원과 의원의 운영이 마비되었습니다.

the investigator had to agree to disclose immediately any information that he found.
수사관은 그가 발견한 어떠한 정보에 대해서건 즉시 밝힐 것에 동의해야 했다.

the investigator sought thorough the house.
심문관이 집을 샅샅이 뒤졌다.

the steamer was rocking on the waves.
기선은 파도에 흔들리고 있었다.

the milkman left bottles of milk at the door of my house.
우유배달부는 우리 집 문 앞에 우유병을 놓고 갔다.

the doc manages a team responsible for the production of press releases and other reports for the media and outside agencies , as well as our internal newsletters and website content.
홍보실장의 업무는 사내 뉴스레터 및 웹사이트 컨텐츠는 물론이고 언론 매체와 타기관에 제공할 보도자료와 기타 보고서를 작성하는 팀을 운영하는 일입 니다.

the headwaiter showed us to a cozy table in the corner.
그 수석웨이터는 우리를 구석에 있는 아늑한 자리로 안내했다.

the coyote is an animal that is called by many names.
코요테는 많은 이름으로 불리우는 동물이다.

the cowgirls are accused of trying to undermine the authority of the school's headmaster.
난폭한 소녀들은 학교 교장의 권위를 손상시킨 행동으로 비난당했다.

the nhs is the sacred cow of uk politics.
nhs은 영국 정치의 불가침 영역입니다.

the lawsuit cost his an arm and a leg , but he won.
그 소송으로 막대한 경비가 들었지만 그는 결국 승소했다.

the frenchman requests a filet mignon , which he is served and then executed.
프랑스인은 필레 미뇽을 주문해 먹은 다음 처형되었다.

the cot had burned to the ground.
오두막은 잿더미가 되었다.

the delectable smell of freshly baked bread.
갓 구운 빵에서 나는 정말 고소한 냄새.

the spokesperson was quick to deny_ the rumor.
대변인은 재빨리 그 소문을 부인했다.

the preview was intended to whet your appetite.
그 예고편은 당신의 욕구를 자극하기 위한 것이었다.

the multifarious life forms in the coral reef.
산호초 내의 다양한 생명체들.

the copywriter churned out copy by the ream.
그 카피라이터는 연달아 광고문안을 만들어내었다.

the cope of night is very beautiful.
밤의 장막이 매우 아름답다.

the department's budget is untouchable.
그 부서의 예산은 손댈 수 없다.

the estates-general had not been convoked since 1614.
(프랑스의) 삼부회는 1614년 이후부터는 소집되지 않았다.

the wachowskis brothers had to convince warner brothers studios it was a good idea.
워쇼스키 형제는 그렇게 하는 것이 좋겠다고 워너 브러더스 사를 설득해야만 했습니다.

the raintree terrace will remain open for your convenience.
레인트리테라스는 사용자들의 편의를 위해 문을 열 것입니다.

the syllogism is my god is great and omnipotent.
삼단논법은 나의 신이 위대하고 전지전능하다는 것이다.

the disclosure stood the whole country on its head.
그 폭로는 온 나라를 발칵 뒤집어 놓았다.

the constellation that the stars form now are known as the big dipper.
지금 저 형태의 별들이 북두칠성으로 알려진 별자리이다.

the successive wars threw the country into chaos.
잇따른 전쟁으로 그 나라는 큰 혼란에 빠졌다.

the conscripts were treated as cannon fodder.
일제는 우리나라 젊은이들을 징집하여 전쟁터로 내몰았다.

the ticklish question is what to do about it.
그것에 관해 무엇을 해야 한다는 것은 곤란한 질문이다.

the piece's melody was conjunct with a staccato.
접속부사는 다음과 같은 것들이다.

the confederation of british industry.
영국 산업 연맹.

the solemnity of the occasion filled us with sobriety.
그 사건의 중대함이 우리를 침착하게 만들었다.

the visibility on the road was under 10 meters because of the heavy fog.
짙은 안개로 인해 도로의 시계는 10미터 미만이었다.

the concierge at the hotel suggested a wonderful korean restaurant.
호텔 안내원이 맛있는 한식당을 소개해 주었다.

the tsunamis came after a 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck off indonesia sumatra island.
이번 해일은 인도네시아 수마트라 섬 인근을 강타한 진도 9에 이르는 강진의 여파로 인한 것입니다.

the comptroller has predicted that in ten years the space used by the research department will have to double.
감사관은 10년 후에는 연구 부서에서 사용하는 공간이 두 배가 될 것으로 예측하고 있다.

the manure should be well dug in.
거름은 흙에 잘 섞어 넣어야 한다.

the eram model based on visibility of space.
공간의 가시성에 기반한 eram 모델.

the compilation of the dictionary has practically been finished.
사전 편찬은 거의 완결되었다.

the gloom deepened as the election results came in.
선거 결과가 들어오면서 침울한 분위기가 깊어졌다.

the summit-talk is partially overshadowed by concerns that north korea may be preparing to test a long-range missile.
노벨평화상 수상자 광주 정상회의는 북한이 장거리 미사일 시험발사를 준비중일런지 모른다는 우려가 제기되고 있는 가운데 일말의 암운이 드리워지기도 했습니다.

the technician should have bike-shop experience and be able to suggest tools for purchase.
자전거 점포에서 일한 경험이 있어야 하며 , 구매를 유도할 수 있는 요령을 갖추고 있어야 합니다.

the larynx is vital to human communication.
후두는 인간의 의사소통에 대단히 중요한 기관이다.

the teammates were kept under a cloud of suspicion.
그 팀원들은 의심을 받고 있었다.

the utensils are in the coffee pot.
식기들이 커피 포트안에 있다.

the 78-year-old mr. sharon suffered a severe stroke on january fourth and has been in a coma since.
올해 78세의 샤론 총리는 지난 1월4일 심각한 뇌졸증으로 쓰러졌고 , 그 이후 혼수상태에서 깨어나지 못하고 있습니다.

the literal owner names in that zone. they also indicate what resource record types are present for an existing name.
다음 도메인(nxt)다음(nxt) 레코드는 영역의 모든 소유자 이름으로 체인을 만들어서 영역에 이름이 기존하지 않는 것을 나타냅니다. 또한 기.

the literal owner names in that zone. they also indicate what resource record types are present for an existing name.
존 이름에 대해 있는 리소스 레코드 종류도 나타냅니다.

the pierrot was in a mottled dress.
피에로는 얼룩덜룩한 옷을 입고 있었다.

the detritus of everyday life.
일상생활 쓰레기.

the gangster and his henchmen collected money from shopowners every month.
깡패와 그의 부하들이 상점주인들로부터 매달 돈을 모았다.

the collaborative agreement was signed in february of this year between the education minister kim jin-pyo and snu president chung un-chan.
이 협력프로그램은 교육인적자원부 김진표 장관과 서울대학교 정운찬 총장 사이에 2월에 조인이 되었습니다.

the coliseum is a giant amphitheatre in the centre of the city of rome.
콜로세움은 로마시의 중심에 있던 거대한 원형극장이다.

the ordinations appear to be a severe setback to recent positive talks on normalizing relations between the holy see and china.
이 같은 일방적인 서품은 관계 정상화로 진척이 이루어지고 있던 것으로 보인 교황청과 중국간의 복잡한 회담을 위협하고 있습니다.

the pivot on which the old system turned had disappeared.
구체제 운영에 중심축이 되던 것이 사라져 버린 상태였다.

the coastguard patrol' s job is to intercept drugs from latin america.
해안경비 순찰대의 일은 라틴 아메리카로부터 들어오는 마약을 차단하는 것이다.

the club/dance/music , etc. scene.
클럽계/무용계/음악계 등.

the dj plays good music at the club.
그 디제이는 클럽에서 좋은 음악을 튼다.

the dowager duchess of norfolk.
노퍽 공작 미망인.

the treble/bass clef.
높은음/낮은음자리표.

the clapper struck and made the bell ring.
추가 부딪쳐 종이 울렸다.

the clamour of the market.
시장의 떠들썩한 소리.

the fortress-like building , clad in red brick and granite with a glass-enclosed roof garden , soars above the once-seedy part of chicago called the 'south loop'.
유리로 덮인 지붕 정원이 있고 , 붉은 벽돌과 화강암으로 단장된 요새처럼 보이는 이 건물은 한때 퇴락했던 '사우스 루프'라고 불리는 지역에 우뚝 솟아 있습니다.

the nordic races.
북유럽 게르만족.

the pomp and ceremony was marred by hundreds of demonstrators , many of whom demanded greater religious freedom and human rights in china.
후 주석을 위한 환영행사는 중국 내 보다 많은 종교자유와 인권을 요구하는 시위대에 의해 방해를 받았습니다.

the interminable 2000 election was finally settled and george w. bush became the 43rd president of the united states.
지루하게 오래 끌던 2000년 대선 결과가 마침내 확정됐고 조지 w. 부시가 미국의 제43대 대통령이 되었습니다.

the korea-chile free trade agreement has been ratified by the national assembly.
한칠레 간 자유무역협정이 국회 비준을 통과했다.

the have-nots usually vote for the democrats.
빈민층은 대개 민주당에 투표한다.

the mariam appeal was never a charity.
mariam appeal사는 절대 자선단체가 아니다.

the sudan-chad border runs along sudan's western darfur region where a humanitarian crisis has raged for three years.
차드와 수단 간의 국경선은 지난 3년 동안 심각한 인도적 위기가 발생한 수단 서부 다르푸르 지역에 접해 있습니다.

the cavalry broke and fled.
기병대는 패주했다.

the flooring is thick planks of reclaimed oak.
그 바닥재는 재활용된 오크나무의 두꺼운 판자이다.

the canoe found the current and swung around.
그들은 카누를 타고 케이프혼섬을 일주했다.

the campground is beyond the next field.
캠프장은 옆의 들판 너머에 있다.

the insect's color provides camouflage from its enemies.
곤충의 색깔은 적으로 부터의 위장 수단이 된다.

the cameraman is an amateur.
카메라맨이 아마추어이다.

the calorific value of food.
식품의 칼로리 값.

the cadaverous atmosphere of the marquez academy is not enough to deter five intrepid , yet foolhardy friends , who scrutinize its sinister grounds and come up screaming.
마르케즈 아카데미의 송장같이 차가운 분위기도 다섯 명의 용감한 친구들을 단념시키기엔 충분하지 못했지만 , 무모한 친구들은 이곳의 불길한 지대를 조 사하고 비명을 지르게 된다.

the cadaverous atmosphere of the marquez academy is not enough to deter five intrepid , yet foolhardy friends , who scrutinize its sinister grounds and come up screaming.
마르케즈 아카데미의 송장같이 차가운 분위기도 다섯 명의 용감한 친구들을 단념시키기엔 충분하지 못했지만 , 무모한 친구들은 이곳의 불길 한 지대를 조사하고 비명을 지르게 된다.

the mother-child dyad.
엄마와 아이로 이뤄진 한 쌍.

the playback feature automatically rewinds , plays messages , and stops at the last message.
메시지 테이프는 자동으로 되감기며 메시지를 다 듣고 나면 마지막 메시지에서 정지합니다.

the prestige of the government is gone.
정부의 위신이 땅에 떨어졌다.

the drunkard in his delirium saw strange animals.
정신착란에 빠진 그 주정뱅이는 이상한 동물들을 보았다.

the lifeguard is reprimanding one of the tourists.
인명구조원은 관광객 중의 한 명을 꾸짖고 있다.

the dreamer had his head in the clouds.
몽상가는 공상에 잠겼다.

the dow industrials posted their fifth straight winning session , gaining 26 points or a quarter of one percent.
다우공업 지수는 26포인트 , 즉 0.25% 상승하며 5일 연속 상승장을 기록했습니다.

the sci-fi monster pic is directed by shim hyung-rae and reportedly cost about 70 million dollars to make !.
이 공상 과학 괴물 영화는 심형래씨가 감독 했으며 , 보고에 따르면 만드는데 약 7천만 달러의 비용이 들었다고 해요 !.

the doorknob was stuck , but i ratcheted it open and fixed it.
문 손잡이가 걸렸지만 , 나는 그것을 조금씩 돌려 열어서 고쳤다.

the dogwoods are lovely in the spring.
봄에는 층층나무가 예쁘다.

the doctrinal position of the english church.
영국 국교회의 교리적 입장.

the diver mustered his courage and dove off a high cliff.
그 운전수는 용기를 내어 높은 절벽 위로 차를 몰아갔다.

the progenitor of an elephant , the mammoth , was exterminated in 10 , 000 b.c.
코끼리의 조상인 매머드는 기원전 10 , 000년 전에 멸종되었다.

the rooftops of cadiz have distinctive , moorish-style turrets where citizens once kept watch for ships returning from the americas.
카디스의 옥상에는 카디스 시민들이 아메리카에서 돌아오는 배들을 지켜보던 독특한 무어 양식의 작은 탑들이 있다.

the skater is taking a rest.
스케이트 타는 사람이 쉬고 있다.

the dismissals followed the resignation of the chairman.
그 해고 사태들은 의장의 사직에 뒤이어 나왔다.

the janitors are dismantling the stage.
관리인들이 무대를 철거하고 있다.

the discrepancy was finally explained as the failure to account for expenditures on daily fee.
1일 요금을 포함시키지 않아서 계산이 맞지 않았던 것으로 결국 밝혀졌다.

the disclosures were lethal to his reputation.
그 폭로는 그의 명성에 치명상을 입혔다.

the centurality in 'due sacrestie di san. lorenzo' in firenze.
산 로렌쪼 두 성구실에 표현된 중심성.

the docklands were derelict for many years before they were converted into a marina.
그 부두 지역은 계류장으로 개조되기 전에 수년간 방치되어 있었다.

the bosnians have demanded the city be demilitarized.
가장 큰 호평을 받은 영화 공동경비구역 jsa에서는 북한과 남한 병사들이 비무장지대를 넘나들며 카드놀이를 하고 술을 마시는 등 형제처럼 친하게 지낸다.

the deliberative sessions start on tuesday morning.
심의회는 화요일 아침에 시작한다.

the hoodlums defiled the church with their scurrilous writing.
불량배들은 상스러운 글로 그 교회를 모독했다.

the projector of this construction work is herbert hoover.
이 건설공사의 계획자는 허버트 후버다.

the wpi , an early indicator of inflation , has been declining in year-on-year terms for the past four years.
인플레의 초기 지표인 wpi는 지난 4년 동안 전년 동월비 기준으로 하락세를 보여 왔다.

the decathlon originally scheduled to end last week was prolonged indefinitely.
10종 경기는 지난 주에 끝내기로 했었는데 무기한 연기되었다.

the glee club's move to a larger building on campus was a strategic maneuver , as other clubs had been interested in the same space.
다른 클럽들이 같은 공간을 서로 탐내고 있을 때 , 합창단이 캠퍼스의 큰 건물로 이사를 간 것은 전략적 작전 행동이었다.

the hunchback of notre dame loved the beautiful lady in his heart.
노틀담의 꼽추는 한 아름다운 아가씨를 마음속으로 사랑했다.

the dac is the subordinate body of the oecd , which deals with issues related to cooperation with developing countries.
개발원조위원회는 개발도상국들의 협력과 관련된 일을 다루는 oecd의 산하 기구이다.

the hypnotizer made a christian out of his patients.
최면술사는 자신들의 환자들에게 마음먹은 대로의 행동을 취하게 했다.

the hyoid is a bone in the neck which is not articulated to any other bone.
설골은 다른 뼈와 관절로 연결되지 않은 목에 있는 뼈이다.

the president' s sexual peccadillos were widely known about.
대통령이 저지른 사소한 성적인 잘못이 널리 알려졌다.

the hawaiians are very religious people.
하와이 사람들이 매우 종교적이기 때문이다.

the howling wind sounded like the wailing of lost souls.
울부짖는 바람 소리는 구천을 떠도는 혼령들의 울부짖음처럼 들렸다.

the treasurer of australia , peter costello , introduced $2 , 000-per-baby subsidies in that country's 2004 budget.
오스트레일리아의 피터 카스텔로 재무 장관은 2004년 국가 예산에 아기 한 명당 2천 달러의 출산장려금을 할당했다.

the sanctity of life is something which underpins our stewardship of the world , the basic provision of healthcare and our treatment of each other.
생명의 존엄성은 우리의 세상에 대한 책무 , 건강 관리에 대한 기본적인 조항 그리고 서로에 대한 대우를 지지하는 어떤 것입니다.

the spectator witnessed a horrible homicide , in which the victim was beaten to death.
그 구경꾼은 , 맞아 죽은 희생자를 낸 끔찍한 살인 사건을 목격했다.

the homicidal mania had killed 20 people since first murder , finally got the electric chair.
그 살인마는 첫 번째 살인 이래로 20명의 사람을 죽였고 , 결국 전기의자로 사형당했다.

the homicidal mania had killed 20 people since first murder , finally got the electric chair.
그리고 " 벨로시랩터 " 가 쥬라기공원의 교활한 살생 짐승을 의미하는 사람 , " 새 " 라고 하면 트위티를 연상하는 사람들에게는 충격적일 움직임 속에 , 뉴욕소재 미국 자연사박물관은 벨로시랩터를 깃털로 장식했다.

the initials rok stand for the republic of korea.
rok는 대한민국을 나타낸다.

the potala palace , on top of the himalayas , has windows , but no glass.
히말라야의 정상에 있는 포탈라궁에는 유리가 없는 창문이 있다.

the provence region of france is a good place to hike.
프랑스의 프로방스 지역은 하이킹하기에 좋은 곳이다.

the rooster crowed to announce the sunrise.
수탉이 홰를 치며 새벽을 알렸다.

the rooster crows every morning at sunrise.
매일 아침 동틀녘에 수탉이 운다.

the hem of the skirt is dragging.
치맛자락이 끌린다.

the rodelsonic is the modern , safe way to rid your home or garden of animal and insect pests.
로델소닉은 당신의 집과 정원에서 동물이나 곤충의 피해를 없애는 현대적이고 안전한 방법입니다.

the loft has a door to the generously sized attic with plywood floors and ample storage space.
위층에는 베니어판 바닥이 깔린 널찍한 저장 공간이 있는 큰 다락방으로 이어지는 문이 있다.

the hangman put the noose on the murderer.
그 교수형 집행인은 살인자에게 올가미를 씌웠다.

the luxuriance of the tropical forest.
열대림의 짙은 녹음.

the torrent bears along silt and gravel.
격류가 토사를 나른다.

the sow had a litter of pigs last night.
어젯밤에 돼지가 새끼를 쳤다.

the israeli-palestinian peace process started this week in limbo.
상황이 불확실한 가운데 이번주 이스라엘 , 팔레스타인간 평화협상이 시작되었습니다.

the twinkle of the harbour lights in the distance.
멀리서 반짝이는 항구의 불빛들.

the marsh is swarming with mosquitoes.
그 늪에는 모기가 시글시글한다.

the monorail has stopped to pick up passengers.
모노레일이 승객들을 태우려고 정차했다.

the streetcar is picking up passengers.
전차가 사람들을 태우고 있다.

the by-election resulted in the return of mr. kim.
보선 결과 김 씨가 당선하였다.

the lander has been scouring the martian landscape , looking for signs of water on mars.
랜더는 화성의 물의 흔적을 찾으며 풍경을 조사했습니다.

the elegy is a type of lyric poem , that is usually a formal lament for someone's death.
엘레지는 시가의 형태로 보통 누군가의 죽음을 격식을 갖추어 애도하는 것이다.

the workman is repairing the turnstile.
노동자가 회전식 문을 수리하고 있다.

the solider dragged the nation through the muck.
그 군인은 국가를 더럽혔다.

the topography of this region has changed a lot because of geological folds and faults.
이 지역의 지형은 습곡 및 단층으로 인해 많이 변했다.

the moronic political answer is we need 431.
그 멍청한 정치인은 우리가 431이 필요하다고 대답한다.

the monotony of work on the assembly line is a serious problem in a mass production society.
조립 라인 작업의 단조로움은 대량 생산 사회의 심각한 문제입니다.

the nexus of all our problems is our monetary system.
모든 문제들의 접점은 우리의 화폐제도에 있다.

the robot's movements are controlled by thousands of microprocessors.
로봇의 동작은 수천 개의 마이크로프로세서에 의해 제어된다.

the medial meniscus is semicircular or c-shaped with an average width of 10 mm.
내측 메니스커스는 평균 10mm 폭의 반원형태 또는 c자 형태를 이룬다.

the translator should choose words considering the differences in nuance.
번역가는 미묘한 뉘앙스 차이를 고려하여 단어를 선택해야 한다.

the sandstorm covered the whole city.
모래 폭풍이 도시 전체를 뒤덮었다.

the quasi-dynamic analysis of unreinforced masonry building considering elastic response of a structure.
건물의 탄성거동을 고려한 비보강 조적조의 유사동적해석법.

the sleigh is pulled by reindeer.
그 썰매는 순록이 끌어요.

the mandolin has a high sweet sound.
만돌린은 고음의 아름다운 소리를 낸다.

the nutcracker takes her away to a wonderful world of christmas.
그리고 호두까기 인형은 그녀를 크리스마스의 신비한 나라로 인도한다.

the smiths nurture their children in a loving environment.
스미스 부부는 자녀들을 사랑의 환경에서 양육한다.

the lecturers joined the protest march to show solidarity with their students.
그 강사들은 학생들과의 결속을 보여주기 위해 항의 행진에 참가했다.

the quiche can be served hot or cold.
키시는 상에 뜨거울 때 내어도 되고 차게 해서 내어도 된다.

the 220-ft soviet rocket is capable of thrusting more than 100-ton payloads into orbit , at least four times that of the u.s. space shuttle's orbiter.
전장 220피트 되는 소련 로켓은 100여 톤의 탄두를 궤도에 진입시킬 수 있는데 , 그 추진력은 적어도 미국 우주 왕복선의 4배나 된다.

the okapi was first brought to world attention in 1912 by sir harry johnson , who , after hearing rumors of its existence from pygmy tribes , discovered it in the ituri forest , in what is now zaire.
1912년 피그미족으로부터 오카피가 서식한다는 말을 들은 해리 존슨 경이 지금의 자이르에 있는 이투리 숲에서 이 동물을 발견하게 되면서 오카피는 세상에 알려지게 되 었습니다.

the okapi was first brought to world attention in 1912 by sir harry johnson , who , after hearing rumors of its existence from pygmy tribes , discovered it in the ituri forest , in what is now zaire.
1912년 피그미족으로부터 오카피가 서식한다는 말을 들은 해리 존슨 경이 지금의 자이르에 있는 이투리 숲에서 이 동물을 발견하게 되면서 오카피는 세상에 알려지게 되었습니다.

the tyres were worn below the legal limit of 1.6 mm of tread.
그 타이어는 접지면이 법정 한도인 1. 6mm 이하로 닳아 있었다.

the professor#39s provocative writing was banned for obscenity.
그 교수의 파문을 일으키는 글은 음란성 때문에 금지되었다.

the catalogue is full of testimonials from satisfied customers.
그 카탈로그에는 만족한 고객들이 보낸 추천의 글들이 가득하다.

the pullout ends syria's 29-year presence in lebanon which began during the lebanese civil war and ended when pressure mounted following the assassination of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri in february.
이번 철군으로 인해 , 레바논 내전 기간에 시작된 시리아 군의 레바논 주둔이 지난 2월 라피크 하리리 전 레바론 총리가 암살된 이후 국제사회의 압력이 가중되어 29년만에 종식되었습니다.

the pullout ends syria's 29-year presence in lebanon which began during the lebanese civil war and ended when pressure mounted following the assassination of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri in february.
이번 철군으로 인해 , 레바논 내전 기간에 시작된 시리아 군의 레바논 주둔이 지난 2월 라피크 하리리 전 레바론 총리가 암살된 이후 국제사 회의 압력이 가중되어 29년만에 종식되었습니다.

the sra , under new leadership , will publish its strategic plans on 14 january 2002.
새로운 지도체제하에 놓인 sra는 2002년 1월 14일에 전략적인 계획을 발표할 것이다.

the 44-year-old father was also protective of his two children.
그 44세의 (늙은)아버지는 또한 그의 두 아이들에게 보호적이었다.

the prognosis for the us economy is poorer.
미국 경제의 전망은 더욱 나쁘다.

the pre-qualifying process is important for several reasons.
사전 자격을 갖추는 과정은 여러 가지 이유에서 무척 중요하다.

the powerboat screamed out to sea.
동력선이 삑삑 하는 소리를 내며 바다로 나갔다.

the congress's standing committee is meeting this week to prepare for the plenary meeting of the rubber-stamp parliament , which is scheduled for midmarch.
의회의 상임위원회는 이번 주 회의를 열어 3월 중순으로 예정된 거수기 노릇만 하는 의회의 정기 회의를 준비한다.

the 'pest-no-more-super-pest-repeller' carries out a blast of ultrasound that is unbearable to pests , yet is completely harmless to humans and pets.
이 '초강력 살충제'는 해충이 견디기 어려운 초음파를 내보내는데 , 사람과 애완 동물에게는 전혀 해가 없습니다.

the peahen is less eye-catching than the peacock and has brown feathers.
암공작은 수공작보다 남의 이목을 덜 끌며 갈색 깃털을 가지고 있다.

the puppy's shaggy fur is covering its eyes.
텁수룩한 털이 강아지의 눈을 가리고 있다.

the cannon's roar rent the air.
포성이 울려 퍼졌다.

the haranguing of referees is absolutely ridiculous - we know that.
심판의 장황한 설명이 매우 터무니없었다는 것을 우리는 알고 있었다.

the bluefin tuna is considered to be endangered.
청지느러미 참치가 멸종위기에 처했다.

the newswriter is responsible for wording of the articles.
기사의 책임은 기자에게 있다.

the houyhnhnms do not like gulliver and reject him.
후이넘들은 걸리버를 좋아하지 않아 그를 받아들이지 않는다.

the four-speed transmission had synchromesh on second , third and fourth gears , with drive to the rear wheels and hydraulically actuated drum brakes all round.
4단 변속기는 2 , 3 , 4단기어에 동기물림기구를 사용하고 뒷바퀴로 동력을 전달하며 , 전체적으로 유압으로 작동하는 드럼브레이크를 사용한 다.

the swashbuckling hero of hollywood epics.
할리우드 서사 영화의 영웅적인 주인공.

the criminal/drug/youth , etc. subculture.
범죄자들/마약 중독자들/청소년 소문화 등.

the foal's ears stood straight up.
그 망아지의 귀는 꼿꼿하게 서 있었다.

the upper/lower storey of the house.
집의 위층/아래층.

the stockholder will have been notified by noon tomorrow.
그 주주는 내일 정오까지 공시되어질 것이다.

the standish group survey was quoted by a number of witnesses.
잉크병 그룹의 조사는 많은 목격자들에 의해 인용되었다.

the squeak of his boots in the snow as he shifted his weight.
" (날) 놓으란 말야 !" 그가 신경질적으로 꽥 소리를 질렀다.

the 16-day " alien invasion " event will take place between october 18 and november 2 2008 , and visitors who boldly go to the spinnaker tower during the event will be able to rub shoulders with beings from outer galaxies.
16일간 열리는 " 외계인 침공 " 행사는 2008년 10월 18일에서 11월 2일까지 열릴 것이고 , 이 행사 기간 동안 용감하게 spinnaker tower에 가는 방문객들은 외계 은하에서 온 존재들의 어깨를 쓰다듬어볼 수 있을 것입니다.

the speedboat took off , skimming the waves.
쾌속정이 파도 위를 스치듯 달리며 떠나갔다.

the speedboat was considered extraordinarily fast for that time.
쾌속정은 그 당시에 상당히 빠른 배로 여겨졌다.

the uppermost branches of the tree.
그 나무의 가장 위에 있는 나뭇가지들.

the hoju-je makes women victims , says lee gu kyoung-sook , director of policy at the united korea women's association.
" 호주제는 여성들을 희생자로 만듭니다 ," 라고 한국여성단체연합의 이구경숙 위원장이 말한다.

the songwriters hall of fame has announced its inductees for this year.
작곡가 명예의 전당은 올해의 새로운 입회자들을 발표했다.

the slimming pills were taken off the market.
그 살 빼는 약은 시장에서 판매가 중단되었다.

the kajaki battle was the second large-scale skirmish with militants this week.
이번 주에 일어났던 카자키 전투는 전투원들과 벌어진 두번째로 큰 규모의 접전이었다.

the interchangeable silverware baskets ensure that nothing will fall through the bottom - not even chopsticks.
호환이 되는 은제 케이스가 그 어느 그릇도 , 심지어 젓가락까지도 바닥으로 떨어지지 않도록 해줍니다.

the sibilant sound of whispering.
쉬쉬 하며 소곤거리는 소리.

the shoelace came untied.
구두끈이 풀렸다.

the searchlight struck the wreck.
서치라이트가 난파선을 비추었다.

the seamstress is at work.
재봉사가 일을 하고 있다.

the sdi said that the percentage of one-person households is expected to reach 25 percent by 2030.
서울시정개발연구원은 독신 가구의 비율이 2030년까지 25%에 이를 것으로 기대하고 있다고 말했습니다.

the hebrides are to the west of the scottish mainland.
헤브리디스 제도는 스코틀랜드 본토의 서쪽에 있다.

the trickiest bits are the last on the list.
한때 줄리아 로버츠 이외의 가장 확실한 흥행 보증수표로 여겨졌던 후속편들이 지금은 연예계의 가장 까다로운 작업들이 되었다.

the tinkle of glass breaking.
쨍그렁하고 유리 깨지는 소리.

the textural characteristics of the rocks.
그 암석들의 구조적 특징.

the engi is comparing the adhesive properties of the compounds to determine their usefulness in manufacturing.
엔지니어링 부서는 혼합물이 제조 과정에 유용한지를 결정하기 위해 그 접착 성질을 비교하고 있다.

the voluble spokesperson belabored the weak points of her opponent on tv debates.
tv토론에서 그 입담 좋은 대변인은 상대방의 약점들을 공격했다.

the homebuilding industry , like automobile manufacturing , is cyclical and unpredictable.
주택 건설업은 자동차 제조업과 마찬가지로 경기를 타므로 예측할 수가 없다.

the undying spirit of one man sentenced to life in prison still influences me today.
감옥에서 무기징역에 처한 한 남자의 꺼지지 않는 정신력은 아직도 나를 감동시키고 있다.

the timbro institute in sweden decided a ranking of all countries of the e.u. vis-a-vis the 50 states of the american union.
스웨덴의 팀브로 연구소는 유럽의 모든 국가들과 미국의 50개 주를 일 대 일로 비교해 순위를 매겼습니다.

the vibes were not right.
그 분위기가 이상했다.

the lagooon city venezia.
수상도시 베네치아.

the pequod itself is a symbol of death ; covered in black and whalebones.
어둠과 고래의 뼈로 뒤덮혀 있는 pequod는 그 자체로 죽음의 상징이다.

the yangtze river dolphin of china has long been recognized as one of the world's most rare mammal species.
중국의 양쯔강 돌고래는 오랫동안 세계에서 가장 희귀한 포유종의 하나로 인식되었습니다.

the yam festival is usually held in the beginning of august at the end of the rainy season.
얌 축제는 보통 우기철이 끝날 무렵인 8월 초에 열려요.

am i allowed to have a bit more sauce ? (slang).
술 좀 더 마셔도 되나요 ?.

am i boarding the same plane again ?.
같은 비행기를 다시 타는 겁니까 ?.

from a technology standpoint , one of the things we are trying to do in elevating the brand is adding more technology to it.
기술적인 견지에서 , 브랜드 가치를 높이기 위해 저희가 시도하고 있는 것들 중 하나는 기술적인 측면을 보강하는 것입니다.

from the 1960s until now , autism is considered a special developmental disorder.
1960년대부터 지금까지 자폐증은 특별한 발달 장애로 여겨진다.

from the vantage point of the present , the war seems to have achieved nothing.
현재라는 시점에서 보면 그 전쟁이 이룬 것은 아무것도 없는 것 같다.

from what location on what date ?.
언제 , 어디서 빌리고 싶으세요 ?.

from this classic country house , bream has become one of the world's most important ambassadors for the classical guitar.
여기 클래식 컨트리 하우스로 부터 줄리안 브림은 세계에서 가장 중요한 클래식 기타의 대사로 임명 받았다.

from their native greek mainland , the mycenaeans journeyed far into the aegean and mediterranean seas.
그들의 그리스 주 영토에서 , 미케네 인들은 에게 해와 지중해까지 여행을 했다.

from an environmental viewpoint , from a business viewpoint , that can not be right.
환경의 관점에서 , 기업의 관점에서 그것은 옳지 않다.

from 2002 to 2004 , czech firms increased their foreign investments from about $250 million to more than $800 million.
체코의 기업들은 2002년에서 2004년 사이에 해외투자를 2억5천만 달러에서 8억 달러 이상으로 늘였습니다.

from south korea to japan , camera phones are being used to sneak shots in locker rooms and on the subway.
한국에서 일본에 이르기까지 카메라폰은 로커룸과 지하철에서 몰래 사진을 찍는 데 이용되고 있습니다.

from 1979 to 1992 , stable exchange rates were experienced at an increasing rate.
1979년부터 1992년까지 , 안정적인 환율은 증가율을 경험했다.

from cuzco to machu picchu it is about a 4 hour walk.
쿠즈코에서 마추픽추까지는 걸어서 약4시간 정도가 걸린다.

from gare du nord (north station) , i took the metro to blanche and walked out of the station to find the saucy moulin rouge building.
gare du nord(north station)에서 , 난 blanche로 가는 지하철을 탔고 , 그 역에서 걸어 나가니 멋진 moulin rouge빌딩이 보였다.

from gourmet magazine by " lloyd a.
로이드 이슬러 박사와 마사 콜린스워스 박사도 참여해 저작권 침해와 미일 관계에 대해 각각 발표를 할 예정입니다.

from teen-pop to hardcore rap , from rock to r b , and everything in between.
여기에는 10대 팝에서 하드코어 랩 , 록에서rb에 이르기까지 , 그리고 그 사이사이에 모든 장르의 음악이 포함되어 있습니다.

come to our neighborhood cookout. and bring your loved ones.
우리 이웃끼리 벌이는 야외 파티에 오세요. 사랑하는 사람들도 데려오시구요.

come stay at tamerlane's immaculate hotel , and unwind at the spa or at one of its four fabulous restaurants.
깔끔한 태머레인 호텔에 묵으시면서 온천이나 멋진4개의 식당 중 한 곳에서 피로를 풀어보십시오.

come join us ! climb on the bandwagon and support senator smith !.
우리에게 가담해 주세요 ! 인기있는 쪽에 가담해 스미스 상원의원을 응원해 주세요 !.

where do they have the toothpaste ?.
그들이 치약을 어디다 두었을까 ?.

where is the exit for deoksugung palace ?.
덕수궁으로 나가는 출구가 어디입니까 ?.

where is that sanctuary for you now ?.
지금은 어디에서 휴식을 찾나요 ?.

where the dickens did he go ?.
그는 도대체 어딜 간 거야 ?.

where would this notice most likely be seen ?.
이 공고문이 게시될 만한 장소는 ?.

where does the traffic improve on westbound highway 29 ?.
29번 간선도로 서쪽 방향은 어디서 교통 흐름이 좋아지는가 ?.

where does southeast asia trading ltd. wish to establish an office ?.
동남아시아 무역회사가 지사를 설립하기 희망하는 곳은 ?.

where she s less sure is the disintegration of the friendship between spiker and cobakka.
그 경기는 지난주 천안에서 열렸고 , 일본과의 경기에서 한국 대표팀은 최고 신인선수인 문 성 민 선수와 김 학 민 선수들로 주축을 이루었다.

where will the picture and possessions of the deceased be kept ?.
고인의 영정과 유품은 어디에 안치됩니까 ?.

where have you been roaming about until now ?.
이 시간까지 어디를 쏘다니다 왔어 ?.

where there is a will , there is a way.
정신일도 하사 불성.

where there are no democratic institutions , people may resort to direct action.
민주 제도가 없는 곳에서는 사람들은 직접 행동에 호소하는 일이 있다.

where our estates abut , we must build a fence.
우리 땅의 경계에 울타리를 쳐야 한다.

where can i take a leather jacket to have it sewn ?.
가죽점퍼를 꿰매려면 어디로 가져가면 되나요 ?.

where should i go to see brad ?.
어딜 가야 브래드를 만날 수 있습니까 ?.

where should i set up the projection screen ?.
프로젝션 스크린은 어디에 설치할까요 ?.

where was ms. suzuki's most recent assignment ?.
스즈키 양이 가장 최근에 일을 한 곳은 ?.

where did you get the dresser ?.
그 화장대 어디서 샀니 ?.

you do not have a tv ! how can anybody survive without a tv ?.
tv가 없다고요 ! tv없이 어떻게 살아요 ?.

you do not have a modem and you can not install hardware , please contact your system administrator.
모뎀이 없어서 하드웨어를 설치할 수 없습니다. 시스템 관리자에게 문의하십시오.

you do not have to make a disturbance about his behavior.
당신은 그의 태도에 대해 화를 내지 않아도 된다.

you do not have to hide your light under a bushel.
겸손하게 네 재능을 숨길 필요없어.

you do not want someone who is hotheaded or likes to fight.
당신은 성미 급하거나 싸우길 좋아하는 사람은 원치 않을 거야.

you do not mind it at all.
너는 전혀 개의치 않는다.

you do not need a lot of dough.
큰 돈은 필요없어.

you do not need to ask for advice as a subterfuge for asking her a date.
그녀에게 데이트를 신청하기 위한 핑계로 조언을 바랄 필요는 없다.

you do not need to dress up just to go to pub. jeans and t-shirt will do.
단지 선술집에 가려고 차려입을 필요는 없어. 청바지와 티셔츠면 충분해.

you do not need fancy highbrow traditions or money to really learn. you just need people with the desire to better themselves. (adam cooper).
제대로 배우기 위해서는 거창하고 교양 있는 전통이나 돈이 필요하지 않다. 스스로를 개선하고자 하는 열망이 있는 사람들이 필요할 뿐이다. (아담 쿠퍼 ,.

you do not need fancy highbrow traditions or money to really learn. you just need people with the desire to better themselves. (adam cooper).
공부명언).

you do not just look at these waterfalls , you climb them.
폭포를 그냥 구경만 하는 게 아니라 그 위를 기어오릅니다.

you do realise that leaves you with a serious credibility problem.
당신에게 심각한 진실성문제가 주어진다는 것을 당신은 잘 안다.

you , moron ! you call this a finished work ?.
이 화상아 ! 이것도 일이라고 했니 ?.

you are a blind fool not to recognize it.
그것도 알아보지 못하다니 눈뜬장님이로군.

you are a fanatical manchester united supporter.
당신은 맨체스터 유나이티드의 열성팬입니다.

you are a carbon copy of your father.
너는 아버지를 닮았구나.

you are a lion. lions must be strong and brave.
넌 사자야. 사자들은 강하고 용감해야 해.

you are in a good mood today.
너 오늘 기분이 좋아 보인다.

you are not learning anything from it.
부정행위를 통해서는 아무것도 배울 수가 없다.

you are at home at 10 o'clock at farthest.
늦어도 10시에는 집에 들어와라.

you are the last to criticize.
너에겐 비평할 자격이 없어.

you are the permanent fixture on the dean's list.
당신은 우등생이 됐어요.

you are so brave. i am proud of you !.
너 참 용감하구나. 난 네가 자랑스럽다 !.

you are so brown. or you have got badly tanned by the sun.
너 새까맣게 탔구나.

you are late everyday and doze off at the office.
자네 매일 지각하고 사무실에서 졸잖아.

you are my toys ! how amazing !.
너희들은 내 장난감들이잖아 ! 정말 놀라워 !.

you are my lifesaver !.
넌 내 구세주야 !.

you are rather beforehand in your suspicions.
너는 지레 의심이 좀 지나치다.

you are right , it is quite disorientating.
당신이 맞아요 이건 꽤 애매모호해요.

you are such a fast learner no matter what the task !.
너는 뭐든 빨리 배우는구나 !.

you are definitely my guardian angel.
넌 정말 나의 수호천사야.

you are welcome to another opinion.
다른 의견이 있으셔도 좋습니다.

you are safe from all dangers here. or this place is safe.
여기는 안전하다.

you are tall enough , but terry is still taller.
너도 키가 꽤 크지만 , 테리는 더 크다.

you are popular , people admire you , and you know it.
너는 유명하고 , 사람들은 너를 존경하고 , 그리고 너는 그걸 알고있어.

you are cordially invited to a celebration for mr michael brown on his retirement.
마이클 브라운 씨 퇴임 축하 행사에 귀하를 진심어린 마음으로 초대합니다.

you are beginning to annoy me !.
귀찮아지기 시작했어 !.

you are false in word and deed.
네 언행이 일치하지 않잖아.

you are supposed to be finished by 3 : 00 !.
너 3시까지 다 해 놓기로 했었잖아 !.

you are ungrateful to return evil for good.
당신이 은혜를 원수로 갚다니 배은망덕하군요.

you would do well to say nothing about the tragedy.
너는 그 비극적인 사건에 대해 아무 말도 않는게 나을 거야.

you would be very popular if you rub the corners off you.
너는 너의 모난 부분을 없앤다면 , 매우 인기있을 것이다.

you will do everything in bodily fear.
너는 몸의 안전을 위하여 뭐든지 할 것이다.

you will not specialize in any single area , such as finance or marketing.
재무나 마케팅과 같이 한 분야를 정해 전공하는 것이 아니라 비즈니스의 전분야를 총망라해서 배우게 됩니다.

you will be held personally responsible for any loss or breakage.
모든 분실이나 파손에 대해서는 당신이 개인적으로 책임을 지게 된다.

you will be surprised to see how skillfully our mechanics have done the job.
당신은 우리 정비사들이 얼마나 기술적으로 마무리 했는지 보시면 놀라실 거예요.

you will have to surrender your passport at the hotel desk.
호텔 프런트에다 여권을 맡겨야 할거예요.

you will see an actual transplant , using our latest patented hair institute 'miracle' !.
최근 특허를 받은 헤어 인스티튜트의 '미러클'을 사용해 모발을 이식하는 모습을 직접 눈으로 보실 수 있습니다 !.

you will never be able to reform bill. leave him alone. let sleeping dogs lie.
빌을 교정한다는 것은 불가능하니까 , 그를 내버려 두시오. 쓸데없는 짓은 안 하는 것이 좋소.

you will find them at the new york convention and visitors bureau , at 2 columbus circle.
콜럼버스 서클 2번지에 위치한 뉴욕 컨벤션 관광국에 가면 이런 사람들을 만날 수 있습니다.

you will need to create separate fields for first name , surname and address.
이름 , 성 , 주소별로 다 별개의 필드를 만들어야 할 것이다.

you will sow the wind and reap the whirlwind.
넌 큰 대가를 치르게 될 것이다.

you have a version of this file available for offline use , however while you were working offline the network version of this file was deleted.
오프라인에서 사용할 수 있는 파일 버전을 가지고 있으나 오프라인 작업 도중 이 파일의 네트워크 버전이 삭제되었습니다.

you have a portable kennel that you will keep my puppy in ?.
강아지를 넣을 수 있는 휴대용 개집은 있으시죠 ?.

you have a rash caused by sensitivity to hair products or jewelry.
헤어 제품과 보석류로 인해 발진이 돋았네요.

you have not suffered in vain.
너는 고생한 보람이 있었다.

you have the cutest dimple in your chin.
당신은 보조개가 귀엽군요.

you have you advertise yourself as a pro in front of them.
당신은 그들 앞에서 당신을 프로라고 선전해야만 한다.

you have to pay all our disbursements , whether you win or lose.
당신이 이기거나 또는 지거나 , 우리의 모든 지불액을 갚아야 합니다.

you have to loose bowels if you eat too much ice cream.
너는 아이스크림을 너무 많이 먹으면 설사한다.

you have to liable to the laws of this state.
당신은 이 주의 법률의 적용을 받는다.

you have to heave at the rope to open that door.
당신은 문을 열기 위해 밧줄을 세게 당겨야 합니다.

you have to surround yourself by english.
영어의 포로가 되라.

you have to reposition a patient frequently to prevent bedsores.
욕창을 방지하기 위해 환자의 체위를 자주 바꿔 주어야 한다.

you have got a bit thinner than you were. or you appear to have lost flesh a bit.
전보다 좀 파리해졌습니다.

you have got your dishwashing down to a science.
접시 닦기에는 도가 텄구나.

you have acted from worthy motives. or your motives are most praiseworthy.
행동의 동기는 좋았다.

you have been working hard , he said with heavy sarcasm , as he looked at the empty page.
그는 아무 것도 씌여 있지 않은 페이지를 보며 " 열심히 일하고 있군요 " 라고 강한 야유를 담아 말했다.

you have walked past the alumni pictures of our school many times.
너는 우리학교 동창 사진을 많이 지나쳐 갔어.

you have nothing to be in mortal fear.
너는 아무것도 두려워할 필요가 없다.

you have just had a taste of the beating you deserve. or you need a little more.
너 매를 아직 설맞았구나.

you have reached the law office of franklin , williams , macmillan and pierce.
프랭클린 , 윌리엄스 , 맥밀런 , 피어스 법률 사무소입니다.

you have reached the offices of waters , booth and samson , cpa.
워터스 , 부스 샘슨 공인 회계사 사무소입니다.

you have finally reached the pinnacle of your career.
너는 마침네 너의 경력의 정점에 도달했어.

you have successfully completed the new delegation wizard.
새 위임 마법사를 완료했습니다.

you have successfully completed the automated system recovery preparation wizard.
시스템 자동 복구 준비 마법사를 완료했습니다.

you have monkeyed with the buzz saw.
넌 위험한 일에 손 댄거야.

you have dabbled in other projects , opera for example , turandot.
다른 프로젝트에도 손을 대셨는데요 , 가령 투란도트 같은 오페라 말이죠.

you have mismated yourself.
넌 어울리지 않는 결혼을 했다.

you have queered the pitched for me.
넌 내 계획을 망쳤다.

you want a trim on the sides ?.
옆머리를 다듬고 싶으시죠 ?.

you want to destroy yourself , you do it on your own !.
당신을 망가뜨리고 싶으면 , 혼자서 하세요.

you seem to have a lot of luggage. i will help you.
짐이 많으신 것 같군요. 제가 도와드릴게요.

you seem to have your socks on inside out.
양말을 거꾸로 신으신 것 같은데요.

you seem kind of preoccupied lately.
요즘 딴데 정신이 팔린 것 같아 보여요.

you think of everything. i think this place would come to a standstill without you.
정말 세심하시네요. 당신 없인 여기 일이 제대로 안 돌아갈 거예요.

you think i'd marry a quitter ?.
당신은 내가 비겁한 사람과 결혼할 거라고 생각하세요 ?.

you look happy as a lark.
당신은 매우 즐거운 것 같군요.

you look off your dot ! what's the matter ?.
너 얼빠져 보여. 무슨 일이야 ?.

you look let down. anything wrong ?.
풀이 죽어 보이는데 무슨 일이 있었어요 ?.

you look as if you have not slept all night.
너는 한 잠도 못 잔 듯하다.

you look as white as a sheet.
안색이 창백하시네요.

you look dapper.
말쑥하게 보이십니다.

you see , most governments work in similar fashion to hang on to what they liken to cash cows.
알다시피 , 대부분의 정부는 " 돈벌이 " 에 비유되는 것에 매달리며 유사한 방법으로 행사하고 있다.

you see more spyware now because it works so well for marketers.
현재 스파이웨어가 점점 늘어나고 있는데 마케팅에 아주 효과적이기 때문입니다.

you can do a lot of telemedicine for the cost of one emergency room visit.
응급실을 한 번 찾는 비용이면 수 차례의 원격진료가 가능합니다.

you can not do anything with such a lax attitude.
그렇게 해이한 정신으로는 아무 일도 할 수 없다.

you can not work out with an obsessing notion.
콤플렉스를 가지고는 해낼 수가 없다.

you can not put new wine in old bottles.
새 술은 새 그릇에.

you can not just chuck him off.
그렇게 그를 해고 할 수는 없어.

you can not apply for the citizenship if you do not meet the two-year residency requirement.
2년 거주 요건이 충족되지 않으면 시민권 신청이 불가능하다.

you can not laugh me out of my resolution.
웃을 테면 웃어 봐라 내 결심은 변하지 않을 테니.

you can not deny all users from logging on locally.
모든 사용자를 로컬에서 로그온할 수 없도록 할 수 없습니다.

you can not connect a domain controller to itself. the connection was not moved.
도메인 컨트롤러가 자체에 연결될 수 없습니다. 연결을 이동하지 않았습니다.

you can not scratch your own back.
중이 제 머리 못 깎는다.

you can not blindly trust just anybody.
사람을 덮어놓고 믿어서는 안 된다.

you can not pester a great man like him all the time.
그와 같은 위대한 분을 아무 때나 귀찮게 하면 안돼.

you can have the piano for $200 , and i will throw in the stool as well.
피아노를 200달러에 사실 수 있어요. 그러면 제가 의자는 거저 드릴게요.

you can understand his eagerness to keep a lid on the hype.
과장 보도를 감추려는데 그가 열심이라는 것을 이해할 수 있을 겁니다.

you can tell the truth before me.
내 앞에서는 진실을 말해도 좋다.

you can tell who is pitching next by seeing who is in the bullpen.
누가 불펜에 있는가를 보면 다음에 누가 투구를 하는지 알 수 있다.

you can give your synchronization session a user-friendly name.
동기화 세션에 이름을 부여할 수 있습니다.

you can say he is morally bankrupt.
그는 도덕적 파탄자라 할 수 있다.

you can say many things with gestures.
당신은 제스처로 많은 것을 말할 수 있다.

you can use a credit or debit card to complete your purchase over the phone (service fees apply).
전화로 구매하실 때는 신용 카드나 직불 카드를 이용하실 수 있습니다(단 수수료 부과).

you can use windows nt explorer to see all the files on your computer.
를 사용하면 시스템의 모든 파일을 볼 수 있습니다.

you can check their file , but you may want to confirm it with the accounts receivable record.
그 회사 파일을 확인해 보세요 , 하지만 미수금 기록과 대조해 봐야 할 거예요.

you can add commands that will automatically run at the end of unattended setup.
무인 설치를 마친 후 , 자동으로 실행될 명령을 추가할 수 있습니다.

you can risk the traffic or you can use the underpass , smelly and horrible though it is.
교통 체증을 무릅쓰고 나가든가 , 그렇지 않으면 냄새 나고 끔찍하긴 하지만 지하철을 이용하든가 둘 중 하나죠.

you can pay for it later.
나중에 돈을 내도 됩니다.

you can enjoy a grand view of the ocean in this bungalow.
이 방갈로에서는 바다의 장관을 볼 수 있다.

you can still eat breakfast when you are slimming.
살을 빼려고 할 때에라도 아침은 먹을 수 있다.

you can set up the automatic installation of network printers on the destination computers.
네트워크 프린터가 대상 컴퓨터에 자동으로 설치되도록 설정할 수 있습니다.

you can set up hardware profiles for different hardware configurations. at startup , you can choose the profile you want to use.
다른 하드웨어 구성에 대한 하드웨어 프로필을 설정할 수 있습니다. 시작할 때 사용할 프로필을 선택할 수 있습니다.

you can count me out because that deal is too risky.
그 거래는 너무 위험하니 나는 빼 줘.

you can expect moderate snow in the mountains , which ontop of last week's accumulation should make the skiers happy.
산간 지방에는 약간의 눈이 예상되며 지난주에 내렸던 눈 위에 쌓여 스키 타는 사람들을 즐겁게 해줄 겁니다.

you can rinse immediately , or let it sit for two to three minutes before rinsing.
여러분은 즉시 헹구거나 헹구기 전 2-3분 동안 둘 수 있습니다.

you can explain and explain. he looks an absolute tit.
당신은 설명하고 또 설명할 수 있지만 그는 어쩔 수 없는 바보에요.

you can rely on his secrecy.
그가 비밀을 지킨다는 것은 믿을 수 있다.

you can specify the graphic you want to display in the phone book dialog box.
전화 번호부 대화 상자에 표시할 그래픽을 지정할 수 있습니다.

you can dye your hair whatever colour you like.
무슨 색이든 당신이 원하는 색깔로 머리 염색을 할 수가 있다.

you can configure windows to automatically run a command the first time a user logs on.
사용자가 처음으로 로그온할 때 명령이 실행되도록 windows를 구성할 수 있습니다.

you can delegate control of any folder. it is recommended that you delegate control at the level of the domain or organizational unit.
아무 폴더의 제어도 위임할 수 있습니다. 도메인 또는 조직 구성 단위 수준에서 제어를 위임하는 것이 좋습니다.

you can customize the installation of windows by providing a default name and organization.
기본 이름 및 조직을 제공하여 windows 설치를 사용자 정의할 수 있습니다.

you can consult these resources for information about installation , planning and deployment of active directory.
다음 리소스에서 설치 , 설계 및 배포에 대한 정보를 참조할 수 있습니다.

you can cynically say that it is kicking the can down the road.
당신은 그건 문제를 뒤로 미루는 것이라고 냉소적으로 말할수도 있다.

you never , then , think of retiring ?.
은퇴는 생각 안 해보셨지요 ?.

you should not think scorn of him because he is poor.
가난하다고 해서 그를 경멸해서는 안 된다.

you should not bring a hornet's nest about your ears.
긁어 부스럼을 만들지 말아야 한다.

you should not treat disabled people differently from anyone else.
장애인을 다른 사람과 달리 취급해서는 안 된다.

you should not despise a person just because he is poor.
가난하다고 사람을 업신여겨서는 안 된다.

you should not falsely accuse an innocent person as a thief.
죄 없는 사람을 도둑으로 몰아붙여서는 안 된다.

you should not tinker with anything unless you know what you are doing.
무엇이든 확실히 모르면 만지려고 해서는 안 됩니다.

you should not underestimate your opponent this time.
당신의 이번 상대는 만만치 않은 것 같다.

you should check first that no discoloration will occur by performing a spot test before you use the vinegar on the mold.
여러분은 식초를 곰팡이 위해 사용하기 전에 부분 테스트를 해서 탈색이 일어나지 않는 것을 처음에 확인해야 해요.

you should wait until the steam goes down from the pressure cooker.
압력 밥솥에서 김이 다 빠질 때까지 기다리세요.

you should wait for them to be put in a rummage sale.
그것이 재고정리에 나올 때까지 기다려.

you should selecting ignore will continue as if the component was downloaded correctly , but this may cause problems upon installing this component. if you do have problems , you should download this component again. you should selecting abort will stop all component downloads.
무시를 선택하면 해당 구성 요소가 올바르게 다운로드된 것처럼 계속 진행되지만 구성 요소를 설치할 때 문제가 발생할 수 있습니다. 문제가 있으면 이 구.

you should selecting ignore will continue as if the component was downloaded correctly , but this may cause problems upon installing this component. if you do have problems , you should download this component again. you should selecting abort will stop all component downloads.
성 요소를 다시 다운로드해야 합니다. 중단을 선택하면 모든 구성 요소 다운로드가 중지됩니다.

you should handle those crystal bowls with care.
이 크리스탈 그릇들은 조심해서 취급해야 해.

you should delegate control at the level of the domain or organizational unit.
도메인 또는 조직 구성 단위 수준에서 제어를 위임하십시오.

you should barge your way after commencement.
졸업 후에는 너의 길을 스스로 나아가야 한다.

you should deep-six that silly threat letter.
그 유치한 협박편지는 잊어버리세요.

you could open up a bakery.
당신은 빵집을 열어도 되겠어요.

you might want to call a technician to look at it.
기술자를 불러서 손을 봐야 할 것 같은데요.

you might think i am living proof of what's happening in local cultural events.
아 그러니까 지역사회 문화행사의 산 증인이라고 할 수 있지.

you might think i am harsh for saying this but.. you are quite foolish.
이렇게까지 말하면 지나칠지 모르겠는데.. 상당히 미련하시네요.

you might try to understand a little better.
좀더 좋게 이해하길 바래.

you might enjoy trying korean food and seeing a korean show.
한국 음식을 먹고 한국적인 쇼를 구경하는 걸 좋아하게 될지도 모릅니다.

you know , but sinterklaas is still the dutch name for santa claus.
너도 알잖아 , 하지만 sinterklaas는 여전히 산타 클로스의 네덜란드 이름이야.

you know what ? i am engaged to stephanie.
있잖아 ? 나 스테파니하고 약혼했어.

you know what ? or guess what ?.
자 , 들어 봐.

you know what they say : to err is human ; to forgive , divine.
격언에도 있잖아요. 실수하는 건 사람이고 용서하는 건 신이라구요.

you know that he is such a wet blanket !.
너도 알다시피 걔 분위기 깨는데 선수잖아.

you know perfectly well what i mean.
넌 내가 무슨 말을 하는지 지극히 잘 알고 있어.

you need a lemon , a toothpick , a sheet of paper.
레몬 한 개 , 이쑤시개 한 개 , 종이 한 장이 필요하다.

you need to fill out a customs declaration form first.
우선 세관신고서를 작성하셔야 합니다.

you need evidence for a fair cop.
당신에게는 합법적인 체포를 위해 증거가 있어야 합니다.

you need brains as well as brawn to do this job.
이 일을 하려면 체력뿐만 아니라 머리도 필요하다.

you sure are a ^hot stuff^.
너는 정말 정력가다.

you had better not associate with dishonest people. or you had better avoid the company of dishonest people.
부정직한 사람과는 어울리지 않는 편이 좋다.

you say you live on garden lane ?.
가든 레인에 살고 계시다고요 ?.

you say picky , i say discriminating.
까다로운 게 아니라 식별력이 뛰어난 거야.

you talk a mile a minute , so it hardly registered with me.
네가 너무 말을 빨리 해서 접수가 잘 안됐어.

you and your wife courteney cox are going to have your first baby in late summer.
아내 코트니 콕스씨가 늦여름 두 분의 첫아이를 출산할 예정이신데요.

you did a good job proofreading.
교정 잘 보셨던데요.

you park your car , and your worst nightmare happens !.
자동차를 주차하면 악몽 같은 일이 벌어집니다 !.

you keep an eye out while i sneak in.
내가 몰래 들어갈 테니까 네가 망을 봐.

you may get knocked out every once in a while by one of those shy , funny , totally adorable great guys.
당신은 부끄럼을 타면서도 재미있고 너무도 귀여운 그런 괜찮은 남자에게 한 방에 넘어갈지도 모르겠군요.

you may drink , but you must use moderation.
술을 마시는 것도 좋지만 정도 문제다.

you may be in luck. my uncle has a 386 he wants to sell cheap.
어쩌면 재수가 좋을지도 모르겠는데요. 우리 삼촌이 386 한 대를 싸게 팔려고 하시거든요.

you may find more security during your commute to work , especially if you ride the bus or ride the train.
통근 시 특히 버스나 지하철을 이용하신다면 보안이 더욱 강화되었다는 사실을 눈치 채실 겁니다.

you may need to reconfigure the firewall if you add a new machine to your network.
네트워크에 새 기기를 첨가하려면 방화벽을 변경할 필요가 있을 수도 있다.

you were a young tartar when you were little.
너는 어렸을 때 다루기 힘든 아이였다.

you were to use the word licentious.
당신은 " 음탕한 " 이라는 단어를 썼지.

you were slim and lithe and smooth as a fish.
너는 날씬했고 유연했으며 물고기처럼 미끈했었지.

you also will have loss of calcium from the bones because the martian gravity is too low.
화성의 중력이 너무 낮기 때문에 , 여러분은 뼈에서 칼슘을 잃게 될 거예요.

you only have permission to view the current security information on %1.
%1에 대한 현재 보안 정보를 볼 수 있는 사용 권한만 있습니다.

you hold the ski and i will spread the wax.
왁스 칠하게 스키 좀 잡아줘.

you must do it whether you like it or not.
좋으나 싫으나 해야 한다.

you must be prepared to give the job your undivided attention.
당신은 그 일에 전적으로 주의를 집중시킬 각오를 해야 한다.

you must be yellow letting the fight go on.
싸움을 말리지 않는 걸 보니 겁쟁이로구나.

you must leave for mt. namsan at 7 to attend a reception.
7시에 리셉션에 참가하러 남산으로 가야 해요.

you must type a new domain name.
새 도메인 이름을 입력해야 합니다.

you must consider whether it will be worthwhile.
그것이 그만한 가치가 있는지를 잘 생각해야 한다.

you must enter a log file name.
로그 파일 이름을 입력해야 합니다.

you must hand in your assignment on time.
넌 숙제를 제때에 제출해야 한다.

you must practice argumentation and speaking constantly in order to ensure that your ability improves.
여러분은 논쟁을 연습 해야 하고 여러분의 능력이 향상되었다고 확신하기 위해 끊임없이 말해야 한다.

you must purge your mind of sinful thoughts.
당신의 마음 속에서 죄많은 생각들을 깨끗이 씻어내야 한다.

you put too much confidence in what he says.
너는 그 사람이 말하는 것을 너무 신뢰하는구나.

you missed it by a mile.
넌 완전히 잘못 이해했다.

you missed an important opportunity in advocacy for our children.
당신은 우리 애들을 옹호할 중요한 기회를 놓쳤습니다.

you broke my heart when you lied to me.
넌 거짓말을 해서 내 마음을 아프게 했어.

you just might get lucky and find this rare amphibian , which has been hidden from humankind for several decades.
여러분은 운이 좋게 수 십 년간 인간으로부터 숨어있던 이 희귀한 양서류를 찾을 수도 있을 것이다.

you just burned down the barn to kill rats , you know that !.
당신은 어리석은 짓을 했어. 당신도 알 거야.

you still have room for moral training.
너는 아직 수양이 부족하다.

you definitely needed a telescope to spot this one , said michelle nichols , a master educator for the adler planetarium in chicago.
" 여러분은 틀림없이 이것을 관찰하기 위해 망원경이 필요했을 거예요 ," 라고 시카고의 애들러 천문관의 수석 교육관은 말했어요.

you really know how to bargain.
당신은 흥정을 잘하는군요.

you ought to do it at once.=it ought to be done at once.
그것은 당장 해야 한다.

you ought to respect your parents.
어버이를 공경하라.

you mark with a white stone.
너 안색이 창백해 보여.

you mentioned all the people you meet.
만나신 분들을 모두 언급하셨는데요.

you enter through a gate much like an expressway tollgate and pay the admission , then find a spot.
여러분은 고속도로 통행 요금 징수소와 아주 똑같은 출입구를 통과하게 되고 , 입장료를 지불하고 나서 장소를 찾게 된다.

you picked the perfect time for a vacation.
휴가 기간 한 번 잘 골랐어요.

you shall pay dear for this.
이것으로 톡톡이 벌을 받게 될 것이다.

you shook it when pressing the shutter.
셔터를 누를 때 흔들렸군요.

you silly blockhead !.
이 쑥아 !.

you dislike her. i detest her !.
넌 그 애가 싫지. 난 걔 딱 질색이야 !.

you bitch ! or you slut !.
이년 !.

you bastard ! you have made her cry.
이 새끼 ! 네가 그녀를 울렸어.

are not you supposed to practice what you preach ?.
너 언행일치를 해야 하지 않니 ?.

are not you upset you were born with a harelip ?.
니 얼굴 그렇게 태어난 거 신경질 안 나나 ?.

are not we able to smoke in your house ?.
너희 집에서는 담배 피면 안 되니 ?.

are not package tours a bit of a drag ?.
패키지 여행은 별로 재미가 없지 않아요 ?.

are the press trying to crucify klinsmann ?.
언론은 크린즈만을 호되게 비판할려고합니까 ?.

are you not constrained by these numbers ?.
당신은 이 숫자들에 얽매이지 않습니까 ?.

are you the person i should be speaking to ?.
담당자 이신가요 ?.

are you or your child allergic to any other foods ?.
당신이나 당신의 아이중 음식에 알레르기가 있나요 ?.

are you all comfy in your sleeping bag , kiddo ?.
얘야 , 침낭 속이 편안하니 ?.

are you giving me backtalk ?.
지금 나한테 말대꾸하는 거야 ?.

are you losing sleep over the recent decline in the stock market ?.
최근의 주가 하락 때문에 밤잠을 못이루세요 ?.

are you brave enough to munch on live cockroaches ?.
살아있는 바퀴벌레 씹어 먹어볼래 ?.

are you here for importing component systems ?.
컴포넌트 시스템 수입차 여기 오셨어요 ?.

are you waiting for sings and wonders ?.
넌 기적을 기다리는 거야 ?.

are you planning on becoming salaried after the restructuring is complete ?.
구조조정이 끝난 이후에 어떻게 임금을 받을지 생각하고 있어요 ?.

are you certain it's not just a rumor ?.
그거 소문이 아닌 게 확실해 ?.

are you teaching a bird how to fly ?.
번데기 앞에서 주름잡는 거니 ?.

are you able to recall what we spoke about a few weeks ago ?.
몇 주전에 했던 얘기 기억나요 ?.

are you missing out on timely and useful information ?.
시기적절하고 유용한 정보를 놓치고 있지 않나요 ?.

are you afraid of commitment because your parents' marriage went bad ?.
부모님 결혼이 잘못 되었기 때문에 구속 당하는 게 두려운 건가요 ?.

are you riding with dan or with me ?.
당신은 댄과 타고 갈 거예요 , 아니면 나와 타고 갈 거예요 ?.

are you annoyed that you did not win anything ?.
아무 상도 못타서 실망했니 ?.

are your fingers tired of tapping tiny keypads while writing on the go ?.
글을 쓰는 동안 계속해서 작은 키패드를 두드릴 경우 손가락이 피곤하지 않은가 ?.

are they serious professionals or do they only dabble ?.
그들은 일을 제대로 합니까 , 아니면 그저 대충대충 하나요 ?.

are there any video arcade around here ?.
이근처에 오락실있어요 ?.

are there still any monolingual welsh speakers ?.
아직도 오직 웨일즈어만을 사용하는 사람이 있을까 ?.

are we arriving according to plan ?.
예정대로 도착합니까 ?.

are such e-mail relationships qualitatively different from ones initiated in barrooms and office corridors ?.
이메일을 통해 만난 사람들 사이의 관계는 술집이나 사무실 복도에서 시작된 만남과는 질적으로 다른 걸까 ?.

would you like a double or quits ?.
곱과 본전의 내기 중 어떤 편으로 하겠습니까 ?.

would you like a double or quits ?.
내가 네게 5파운드를 줄게. 그러면 우린 서로 계산이 끝나는 거야.

would you like to have aperitif ?.
식전주를 드시겠습니까 ?.

would you like to introduce your colleague for the shorthand writer.
당신의 동료를 속기 작가에게 소개해 주시겠습니까 ?.

would you like me to massage your shoulders a little ?.
어깨 좀 주물러 드릴까요 ?.

would you like an aperitif before dinner ?.
저녁 식사 전에 반주를 드시겠습니까 ?.

would you mind showing me your selection of liqueur ?.
술 좀 보여 주시겠어요 ?.

would you mind holding my baby in your arms a minute , please ?.
제 아기를 잠깐 안아 주시겠어요 ?.

would you open the window ? it's a little bit stuffy in here.
문을 열어 주시겠습니까 ? 여긴 공기가 탁해서요.

would you please ask bill to proofread this ?.
빌에게 이걸 교정봐달라고 부탁해 주실래요 ?.

would you please print a correction in the next edition of the business section ?.
다음 판 비즈니스 섹션에 정정 기사를 실어주실 수 있는지요 ?.

would you tell me about a remedy for inflation ?.
제게 인플레이션에 대한 구제책을 말씀해 주시겠습니까 ?.

would you tell me about your educational background ?.
학력사항에 대해 말씀해 보시겠어요 ?.

would you tell him mr. bennet called ?.
베넷씨가 전화했었다고 전해 주실래요 ?.

would you agree with that , simon ?.
시몬 , 그것에 대해 찬성하니 ?.

would you care for a drink to celebrate the new year ?.
새해를 축하하는 의미에서 한 잔 할까 ?.

would you care for some herbal tea ?.
허브 차 좀 드실래요 ?.

would you spell your last name for me ?.
선생님 성의 철자를 말씀해 주시겠습니까 ?.

would you kindly lower your voice a bit ?.
목소리를 좀 낮추어 주시겠어요 ?.

would using thinner paper help to reduce costs ?.
더 얇은 용지를 사용하면 비용을 줄일 수 있을까요 ?.

like a stirred beehive , the country is complete chaos.
이번 사건으로 나라가 온통 벌집을 쑤신 듯 어수선하다.

like a shotgun marriage with the best intentions , the union did not last long.
최상의 목적을 가진 " 임신으로 인한 마지못해 하는 결혼 " 처럼 , 그 조합은 오래 지속되지 못했다.

like the wail of a cellphone in a dark theater or the shriek of fingernails on a blackboard , the sound of another person's knuckles cracking can be an annoyance.
어두운 극장에서 울리는 휴대폰 소리나 칠판을 손톱으로 긁는 날카로운 소리처럼 , 손가락 마디를 꺾는 소리는 타인의 신경을 거슬리게 할 수 있다.

like so many products hitching rides in james bond films , volkswagen has also signed with nbc-universal for that not-so-subliminal kind of advertising , product placement.
수많은 제품들이 제임스 본드 영화에 등장했듯이 폭스바겐 사도 nbc 유니버설사와 바로 그런 영화 속 눈에 띄는 광고인 ppl 계약을 체결 했 습니다.

like all other industries , the rose business must adapt to changing conditions in the marketplace.
다른 모든 산업들과 마찬가지로 , 장미 산업은 시장에서 변화하는 조건들에 적응해야 한다.

like many who met him in those days i was soon charmed.
그 당시 그를 만났던 여느 사람들처럼 나도 곧 매료되었다.

like his ancestor , he is an erudite intellectual rationalist who is seeking utopia.
그의 조상처럼 , 그는 박식하고 지적이며 유토피아(지상의 낙원)를 추구하는 이성주의자이다.

like french cognac , for a bottle to bear the name tequila it must be produced entirely within the state of jalisco or one of the designated areas in five surrounding states.
프랑스의 코냑처럼 술병에 테킬라 상표를 붙이기 위해서는 할리스코 주 또는 주변 5개 주의 지정된 지역 중의 한 곳에서 전 과정이 제조되어야 한다.

like cellulose , chitin contributes strength and protection to the.
셀룰로오스와 같이 , 키틴은 힘과 면역력에 도움을 준다.

like breakdancing , rap and hiphop in general flourished at street level.
브레이크댄스처럼 랩과 힙합은 전반적으로 거리 수준에서 번창했다.

cigarette production is still a state monopoly in china.
담배 생산은 중국에서 여전히 국가가 독점한다.

cigarette smoking is hazardous to your health.
담배 피우는 것은 건강에 해롭다.

no , i do not think i could eat any more. the meal was absolutely delicious.
아뇨 , 됐습니다. 더는 못 먹겠어요. 음식이 정말 맛있었습니다.

no , i think it could have backfired.
아니야 , 나는 더 낮은 가격설정은 오히려 예상에 어긋난 결과를 초래했을 거라고 생각해.

no , i thought it was just the first two.
아니요 , 1 , 2 층만 쓰는 줄 알았어요.

no , i left my cd player at home.
아뇨 , 집에 씨디 플레이어를 놓고 왔어요.

no , he works from home on tuesdays.
아니오 , 그는 화요일마다 재택 근무를 해요.

no , but i have traveled to a lot of foreign countries.
아뇨 , 하지만 외국으로 여행을 많이 다녔었습니다.

no , this mutant will soon be battling humans and mutants alike in a war to end all wars.
아니 , 이 돌연변이는 모든 전쟁을 종식시키기 위한 전쟁에서와 같이 사람과 돌연변이 둘 다와 싸우게 될 것이다.

no , she isn't. she's a moth.
아니야. 그녀는 나방이야.

no , she isn't. she's a dragonfly.
아니야. 그녀는 잠자리야.

no , it is not his , whispers the mouse.
" 아니 , 그의 것이 아니야. " 생쥐가 속삭이며 말해요.

no , it was discovered by an associate.
아니오 , 한 동료가 알아냈어요.

no , that must be the problem. my address is 26 ellington lane.
아뇨 , 그게 잘못됐군요. 제 주소는 엘링턴 레인 26번지예요.

no , only the ones in your office.
아뇨 , 당신 사무실의 등만 끄도록 하세요.

no , cause i think they have such eyes alike.
아닙니다 , 두 사람의 눈이 너무 닮아서 그럴 겁니다.

no , that's alright. i think i will be able to find it. thanks for your help.
아뇨 , 괜찮아요. 찾을 수 있을 거 같아요. 도와줘서 고맙습니다.

no other animal is as altruistic as humans are.
다른 어떤 동물도 인간만큼 이타적이지 않다.

no other writer's plays have been produced as many times or read as universally in so many nations as his.
어떤 다른 작가의 연극도 그의 것만큼 여러 차례 연출되거나 많은 국가들에서 널리 읽혀지지 못했다.

no accident was reported at the candlelight protest.
촛불 시위에서는 어떠한 불상사도 없었다.

no two strands are exactly alike !.
정확하게 같은 줄은 없습니다.

no reservation is required for travel on shuttle flights.
정기 운항편을 이용할 경우 예약이 필요없다.

no one is going to fill a void in my heart.
아무도 내 마음의 공허감을 채워줄 수 없다.

no one is born into a multimillionaire.
어느 누구도 날 때부터 백만장자는 아니다.

no one would be able to act this artful but rising comedic star you sang-moo.
떠오르는 개그계의 스타 유상무가 아니고서야 누가 그리 능수능란하게 연기할 수 있을까.

no one can bring a person to consciousness with magic power.
아무도 마법의 힘으로 남을 소생시킬 수 없다.

no one could fail to be affected by the climax of arafat's journey.
아라파트의 여행 중 클라이맥스 부분에서 어느 누구도 감동 받지 않을 수 없었다.

no one likes to be around people who ooze resentment and self pity.
아무도 분노와 자기 동정을 발산하는 사람 곁에 있는 것을 좋아하지 않습니다.

no one has to mention his surname.
아무도 그의 성을 언급할수없다.

no one has withdrawn your money.
아무도 당신의 현금을 인출한 적이 없군요.

no one knows why they call it the war of the hudsons when it was fought between two indian tribes vying for this land.
이 땅을 차지하기 위해 두 인디언 부족간에 싸움이 일어났는데 , 왜 이싸움을 허드슨족 전쟁이라고 했는지는 아무도 모릅니다.

no one really listens to anyone else , and if you try it for a while you will see why. (mignon mclaughlin).
아무도 남의 말을 듣지 않는다. 한 번 시도해 보면 이유를 알게 될거다. (미뇽 머클로플린 , 언어명언).

no one shall constrain me against my conscience to reveal my beliefs.
어느 누구도 나의 신념을 실천하려는 양심을 속박할수 없다.

no one shall dictate to me.=i will not be dictated to.
나는 누구의 지시도 받지 않는다.

no one claims the lost article.
그 분실물은 찾아가는 사람이 없다.

no special techniques were used and no anaesthesia was necessary.
특별한 기술들이 사용되지는 않았고 마취도 필요 없었다.

no such luck i am in hot water !.
아냐 , 나 지금 곤경에 빠졌어 !.

no words were said ; just sweet caressing and deep looks into each other's eyes.
아무말은 없었다 ; 그저 달콤한 애무와 서로를 바라보는 깊은 눈빛만 있었을 뿐.

no matter the outcome , this case will be costly.
재판 결과와 관계없이 이번 소송은 많은 비용이 들 것입니다.

no matter how deeply in love a couple may be , the ability of a wealthy man to dictate the terms of a marriage is undeniable.
부부가 얼마나 깊게 사랑하고 있는지에 상관없이 남편의 재력이 결혼의 조건들에 행사하는 힘은 거부할 수가 없다.

no photosynthesis , no plant life on the surface of the land or the oceans.
광합성없이는 육지나 바다에서 어떠한 생물도 살아갈 수 없다.

no prediction could be made about the behavior of these smaller structures which composed the large observable units , for there was no assurance that they followed the same laws.
관찰 가능한 큰 단위를 구성하는 이 작은 구조의 반응에 대한 가정을 세울 수 없었던 것은 그것들이 같은 규칙을 따른다는 보장이 없었기 때문이다.

no artificial coloring has been added to this food.
이 음식에는 인공색소가 첨가되어 있지 않다.

no ship can weigh up the anchor in stormy weather.
폭풍우 치는 날씨에는 어떤 배도 출항할 수 없다.

no uni student should be forced to pay a levy to support political campaigning.
그 어떤 대학생도 정치 캠페인을 지지하기 위한 세금을 지불하라고 강요되어서는 안 된다.

no pictures. or no photography. or taking photographs forbidden.
촬영 금지.

no waterworks have been done in this village.
이 마을에는 수도 시설이 안 되어 있다.

thanks , but my major is philosophy. i am afraid it's not very practical.
고맙지만 제 전공은 철학입니다. 제 전공은 별로 도움이 못 될 것 같은데요.

thanks , don. i am still in shock ; it was totally unexpected.
고마워요 , 돈. 난 아직도 어리벙벙해요. 전혀 예상 못했거든요.

thanks for your help in passing this information on.
이 정보를 사람들에게 알릴 수 있도록 도와주셔서 감사합니다.

what do you do in the club ?.
클럽에서는 무엇을 하니 ?.

what do you think most american teenagers seek help for ?.
대다수의 미국 청소년들이 어떤 도움을 요청하고 있는지 생각해보셨습니까 ?.

what do you think of traveling abroad ?.
해외로 여행하는 것에 대해 어떻게 생각하니 ?.

what do you associate with autumn ?.
가을 하면 무엇이 연상되세요 ?.

what do doctors attribute this growth spurt to ?.
의사들이 이러한 급격한 성장 발육의 원인으로 꼽는 것은 무엇일까 ?.

what he said is open to misconstruction.
그가 한 말은 오해의 소지가 있다.

what he says is drivel ; do not believe him.
그 사람이 하는 말은 헛소리야. 그 사람 믿지 마.

what is not true about alvino hardwood flooring ?.
다음 중 알비노 하드우드 플로어링에 대해 사실이 아닌 것은 무엇인가 ?.

what is the most difficult thing when raising primates ?.
영장류를 키우면서 가장 힘든 점은 무엇인가요 ?.

what is the subject of the event onaugust 1 ?.
8월 1일 행사의 주제는 무엇인가 ?.

what is the interest rate of the central bank ?.
중앙 은행 금리는 얼마죠 ?.

what is the total number of condors thought to be living in arizona ?.
애리조나에는 총 몇 마리의 콘도르가 살고 있는 것으로 추정되는가 ?.

what is the cost per week to have the chicago dispatch delivered only on weekdays ?.
시카고 디스패치를 주말을 제외한 평일에만 받아보면 주당 대금은 얼마인가 ?.

what is the price of gasoline in new york ?.
뉴욕의 휘발유 가격은 얼마인가 ?.

what is the age difference between you and your youngest sibling ?.
막내랑 몇 살 차이예요 ?.

what is the purpose of the videocassette ?.
이 비디오 테이프의 목적은 ?.

what is the purpose of this article ?.
이 기사를 쓴 목적은 무엇인가 ?.

what is the standard limit that airlines must reimburse for lost luggage ?.
분실한 짐에 대해 항공사가 배상해야 하는 최대 한도액 기준은 ?.

what is the carbon footprint on this.
이것의 탄소배출량은 얼마인가요 ?.

what is the latitude of that place ?.
그곳의 위도는 몇 도입니까 ?.

what is the motivation behind this sudden change ?.
이 갑작스런 변경 뒤에 있는 이유가 뭘까 ?.

what is the sanction for breach of contract ?.
계약 파기의 근거는 무엇인가 ?.

what is the lsmallest discount being offered during the sale ?.
세일 기간 동안 최소 몇 퍼센트 할인되는가 ?.

what is the prognosis of typhoid ?.
장티푸스의 증상은 무엇인가 ?.

what is your favorite for a quick bite ?.
시간이 없을 때 주로 무엇을 드세요 ?.

what is our probable financial outcome this year ?.
올해 예상되는 재정 성과는 어떻습니까 ?.

what is an advantage of visiting the homepage ?.
홈페이지를 방문하면 어떤 이점이 있는가 ?.

what is said about domestic travel ?.
국내선 여행에 대한 설명으로 맞는 것은 ?.

what is said about customer complaints ?.
소비자 불만사항들에 관해 언급한 내용은 ?.

what is said about japanese household assets ?.
일본 가정의 자산에 대해서 뭐라고 하는가 ?.

what is true of the 1999 pay tv penetration forecast ?.
1999년 유료 tv 보급 예상치에 대한 설명 중 맞는 것은 ?.

what is true of ms. dean ?.
딘 씨에 관해 올바른 것은 ?.

what is true regarding the museum's admission policy ?.
박물관의 입장료 정책에 관한 설명으로 옳은 것은 ?.

what is less clear is precisely what qca is accountable for.
분명히 qca가 책임을 지는 지 여부는 다소 불분명하다.

what is included in american king's purchase from holden ?.
아메리칸 킹사가 홀든사로부터 매입한 것에 포함된 것은 ?.

what is available to passengers who transfer in charleston ?.
찰스톤에서 갈아타는 승객들이 이용 가능한 것은 무엇인가요 ?.

what is needed is mediation , not confrontation.
필요한 것은 대립이 아니라 화해다.

what is mentioned as a feature of the de gama vitamin chest ?.
드 가마 비타민 용기의 특징으로 언급된 것은 ?.

what is learned about the hotel ?.
호텔에 관해서 알 수 있는 사실은 ?.

what is learned about the condor that laid the egg ?.
알을 낳은 콘도르에 관해 알 수 있는 것은 ?.

what is learned about mr. davis' order ?.
데이비스 씨의 주문에 대해서 알 수 있는 것은 무엇인가 ?.

what is learned about california classics ?.
캘리포니아 클래식스 사에 대해서 알 수 있는 것은 ?.

what is learned about sarah ferrucci ?.
사라 페루치에 대해서 알 수 있는 사실은 ?.

what is perceived to be good has to be distributive and regulative.
무엇이 분류되거나 규제를 심하게 해야 좋게 인식되는걸까 ?.

what is claimed about valor telecommunications ?.
밸러 커뮤니케이션스에 관한 내용은 ?.

what is surprising is that a number of businesses are doing something about it , by putting time and money into efforts to reinvigorate american education.
놀라운 일은 많은 기업체들이 시간과 금전을 미국 교육을 재건시키는 노력에 투입함으로써 이 사태에 대해 뭔가를 하고 있다는 겁니다.

what is bred in the bone can not be changed.
타고난 성미는 바뀌지 않는다.

what is quicksand made of ?.
표사는 무엇으로 만들어지나요 ?.

what a nice surprise ! how did you know i needed a new scarf ?.
어머나 ! 새 스카프가 필요하다는 걸 어떻게 알았어요 ?.

what a shame to deceive a girl !.
소녀를 속이다니 참 치사하구나 !.

what a waste of time. you led me to water a stake.
이 무슨 시간 낭비야. 너는 날 헛수고만 시켰어.

what a windy day. hang on to your hat !.
어쩌면 이렇게 바람이 분담. 모자가 날아가지 않도록 꽉 잡아요.

what a lovely little house ! i know i will be snug as a bug in a rug.
어쩜 , 정말 사랑스럽고 예쁜 집이네요. 아마 들어가 살면 기분이 편안해서 좋을 거에요.

what a pity ! or poor thing ! or poor fellow !.
참 불쌍하구나 !.

what a lowdown trick it is !.
이렇게 비열한 속임수를 쓰다니 !.

what a repulsive wretch he is !.
정말 얄미운 놈이로군 !.

what the heck are you talking about ?.
무슨 소리 하는 거야 ?.

what you did has undone a lot of people's hard work.
너가 저지른 짓 때문에 많은 사람들의 노고가 수포로 돌아갔어.

what are you so distressed about ?.
뭐가 그렇게 속상합니까 ?.

what are you thinking about ?.
너 무엇을 생각하고 있니 ?.

what are you getting so het up about ?.
너 뭐 때문에 그렇게 불안해 하니 ?.

what are friends for ? i will help you anytime.
친구 좋다는 게 뭐야. 난 언제든지 널 도울 거야.

what are family members said to be able to do aboard the ship ?.
가족 회원들은 선상에서 무엇을 할 수 있다고 했는가 ?.

what are employees being reminded regarding office supplies ?.
직원들이 물품에 대해 어떤 점을 명심하도록 지시를 받고 있는가 ?.

what are cafeteria patrons asked to do ?.
구내 식당 손님들이 해야 하는 것은 ?.

what does the man find out about the cooper project ?.
남자는 쿠퍼 프로젝트에 대해서 어떤 사실을 알게 되었는가 ?.

what does the man say about his laptop computer ?.
남자는 자기 노트북 컴퓨터에 대해서 뭐라고 하는가 ?.

what does the man say about allegro band's cd " meet allegro "?.
남자는 알레그로 밴드의 meet allegro에 대해서 뭐라고 평하는가 ?.

what does the advertisement say the successful candidate will do ?.
광고에서는 사원으로 채용되면 어떤 일을 하게 된다고 하는가 ?.

what does the speaker say should be clearly established ?.
말하는 이는 무엇을 확실히 정립해 두어야 한다고 하는가 ?.

what does the speaker report regarding fishing for blue fin tuna ?.
말하는 이는 청지느러미 참치 잡이에 대해서 뭐라고 보도하는가 ?.

what does the speaker claim about imports ?.
수입품에 대해 뭐라고 주장하는가 ?.

what does this have to do with whether we are going to be able to sell our line of waterproof cosmetics ?.
이 수치가 우리가 방수 화장품을 판매할 수 있는지의 여부와 무슨 관계가 있습니까 ?.

what does your wife think of your habitual carousing ?.
부인께선 당신의 습관적인 과음에 대해 어떻게 생각하십니까 ?.

what does mr. farrel claim about pop-up ads ?.
패럴 씨가 팝업 광고에 대해 주장하는 것은 ?.

what does his wife think about it ? 'not a lot , ' he replies laconically.
그의 아내가 그것에 대해 어떻게 생각하니 ? 많지 않아 라고 간결하게 그가 대답한다.

what does james burger suggest his research could someday be used to treat ?.
제임스 버거 박사는 자신의 연구가 후일에 어떤 병을 치료하는데 쓰일 것이라고 하는가 ?.

what does ms. martin want mr. rhodes to do ?.
마틴 씨가 로즈 씨에게 요구하는 것은 무엇인가 ?.

what does eva want nancy to do ?.
에바는 낸시가 어떻게 하기를 원하는가 ?.

what he's saying is a(n) absurd lie.
그의 말은 터무니 없는 거짓말이다.

what she said was most proper.
그녀의 말은 당연했다.

what promise does the company make to unsatisfied customers ?.
불만이 있는 고객들에게 회사측에서 약속하는 것은 무엇인가 ?.

what will your family do for the holiday ?.
휴일에 가족과 뭘 하실 계획이세요 ?.

what will be discussed at the meeting on tuesday ?.
화요일 회의에서는 무엇이 토의될 것인가 ?.

what will national university be accepting ?.
국립대학은 무엇을 허용할 것인가 ?.

what will smart move transport provide free of charge ?.
스마트 이삿짐센터는 무엇을 무료로 제공하는가 ?.

what will cloned pets do to beliefs about death ?.
복제 애완동물의 등장은 죽음에 대한 생각에 어떤 영향을 미칠까 ?.

what have you heard about the davis project ?.
데이비스 프로젝트에 관해 들은 거 있어요 ?.

what time is the most convenient for you ?.
몇 시가 가장 편하시겠어요 ?.

what time is the accountant coming ?.
회계사가 몇 시에 오나요 ?.

what time does the last limousine of the day leave for the airport ?.
공항행 막차는 몇 시에 공항으로 출발하는가 ?.

what time does the halloween party begin ?.
할로윈 파티는 몇 시에 시작되니 ?.

what about , of course , life's more mundane details , while you are on the road ?.
그렇다면 여행시 일상사는 어떤가요 ?.

what about the dissembling , deceiving and avoiding straightforward direct questions.
직접적인 질문에 대하여 솔직하지 못하고 속이는 가식에 대해서는 어떻게 생각합니까 ?.

what about criticism that she dresses too provocatively ?.
그녀의 옷차림이 아주 선정적이라는 비판에 대해서는 어떻게 말할까 ?.

what language are they speaking ?.
그들은 어떤 언어를 말하고 있나요 ?.

what should a caller do in an emergency ?.
위급한 경우 전화건 사람은 어떻게 해야 하는가 ?.

what should a caller do to get information about tuition assistance ?.
수업료 지원에 관한 정보를 알고 싶으면 어떻게 해야 하는가 ?.

what show is on after headline news at 6 : 20 p.m. ?.
오후 6시 20분 " 헤드라인 뉴스 " 이후에 방송되는 쇼 프로는 무엇인가 ?.

what was going through the killer's mind is a matter for conjecture.
그 살인자의 마음속에 어떤 생각이 오갔던 걸까 하는 것은 추측만 할 수 있을 뿐이다.

what was true about the world's largest clam fritter ?.
세계최대의 대합조개 튀김'에 관해 올바른 설명은 ?.

what did the woman ask the man ?.
여자는 남자에게 무엇을 물어봤나 ?.

what did the senator say about your report ?.
의원님이 당신 보고서에 대해 뭐라고 그러던가요 ?.

what did you buy at the jewelry store ?.
너 보석 가게에서 무엇을 샀니 ?.

what team will be a 'dark horse' ?.
어느 팀이 다크호스일까 ?.

what position at the o'malley theater did ms. reynolds hold ?.
오말리 극장에서 레이놀즈 여사의 직책은 ?.

what kind of can never needs a can opener ?.
캔오프너가 필요 없는 캔은 ?.

what kind of pet do you want , ted ?.
어떤 종류의 애완 동물을 원하니 , ted야 ?.

what kind of announcement is this ?.
어떤 종류의 안내방송인가 ?.

what kind of club activity do you like ?.
어떤 클럽 활동을 좋아하세요 ?.

what number should i dial from outside the city ?.
시외에서 여기로 전화하려면 몇 번이죠 ?.

what country was once a subordinate state of china ?.
어떤 나라가 한때 중국의 속국이었나 ?.

what happens when digital films and the internet are combined ?.
디지털 영화와 인터넷이 결합하면 어떤 일이 생길까요 ?.

what happens if a caller pushes 0 ?.
0번을 누르면 어떻게 되는가 ?.

what specialty has the greatest number of male doctors ?.
남자 의사의 수가 가장 많은 전공 분야는 무엇인가 ?.

what line is mr. samuel on ?.
새뮤얼 씨가 몇 번 전화로 와 있죠 ?.

what cost saving feature do the machines incorporate ?.
이 기계에는 어떤 비용절감 장치가 있나 ?.

what items do we need for our outing on tuesday ?.
우리의 야유회에 어떤 품목이 필요한가요 ?.

what claim is made for the pulsar watch ?.
펄서 시계에 대해 뭐라고 주장하는가 ?.

what claim is made for the wye knot inn ?.
와이 낫 식당에 관한 주장 중 옳은 것은 ?.

what kinds of properties does your agency handle ?.
여기서 취급하는 부동산은 어떤 게 있죠 ?.

what accounts for this curious behavior ?.
이러한 이해할 수 없는 모습을 무엇으로 설명할 것인가 ?.

what color shall i dye in grain it ?.
무슨 색으로 물들일까요 ?.

what instrument does neil gray play ?.
닐 그레이가 연주하는 악기는 ?.

what specific aspect are you concerned about ?.
어떤 측면이 특히 우려가 되시는지요 ?.

what lesson must south korea citizenry learn from this new reality of persistent competition from low-wage , emerging regions ?.
한국 국민이 저임금을 무기로 삼는 신흥 경제국과 계속 경쟁해야 하는 새로운 현실에 직면하여 깨달아야 할 교훈은 무엇인가 ?.

what accompanies the fax cover sheet ?.
팩스 표지와 함께 무엇이 첨부되는가 ?.

does the housing price in gang-nam area determine on the change of housing price in neighbouring area.
강남지역의 주택가격이 주변지역의 주택가격을 결정하는가 ?.

does your history book has a preface written by the author ?.
네 역사책에 저자 서문이 있니 ?.

does she have any managerial experience ?.
그녀가 경영 경험이 있습니까 ?.

does she feel guilty about that ? she looks sulky.
그녀가 그것에 대해 죄책감을 느끼고 있니 ? 부루퉁해 보여.

does it have automatic or manual transmission ?.
이 차는 자동이에요 , 수동이에요 ?.

does it inconvenience you if we postpone our meeting ?.
회의를 연기하면 곤란하신가요 ?.

does that include the cure for the michelangelo virus ?.
거기에는 미켈란젤로 바이러스 치료 프로그램도 포함되는 겁니까 ?.

does gordon miller still handle new accounts ?.
고든 밀러 씨가 아직 새 거리처를 관리하나요 ?.

this is a very flexible recipe.
이것은 매우 융통성있는 방법이다.

this is a modern salad version.
이 것은 현대적인 샐러드 방식입니다.

this is a natural fortress.
이곳은 천혜의 요새다.

this is a lecture above my hook.
이것은 내가 이해할 수 없는 수업이다.

this is a free addition.
이것은 덤으로 드립니다.

this is a terrible catastrophe that demands a quick and effective humanitarian response.
이것은 신속하고 효율적인 인도주의적 대응이 필요로 하는 끔찍한 재앙이다.

this is a typical work week for me.
이것이 나의 전형적인 1주일의 일이다.

this is a typical erosion-prone topography.
이곳은 대표적인 침식지형이다.

this is a motor show for heaven's sake.
세상에 , 이건 모터 쇼에요.

this is a restricted area for civilians.
이곳은 민간인 통제구역이다.

this is a nose dive whomever is steering.
이것은 누가 조종을 하든 급강하한다.

this is a crucial question for their survival.
이 것은 그들의 생존을 위한 결정적인 문제이다.

this is a jumper with a velcro fastener.
이것은 접착포 잠금 장치가 부착된 점퍼이다.

this is a tow away zone. you can not leave your car here.
이곳은 견인 구역입니다. 여기에 주차하시면 안됩니다.

this is a sneaky or dishonest way to control or influence others.
이것은 다른것을 지배하거나 영향을주는데있어 비열하고 부정직하다.

this is a reminder not a reprimand.
이것은 꾸중이 아니고 주의를 주는 것이다.

this is a 12-month programme of work funded through the changeup programme.
박찬호는 멋진 변화구를 던져요.

this is , they argue , hare and tortoise racing.
이것은 토끼와 거북의 경주라고 그들은 주장했다.

this is in addition to sequestering carbon as they grow.
이것은 그들이 자라면서 추가적으로 탄소를 흡수하는 것이다.

this is not a distinction of honor , but a mark of shame.
이건 영예로운것이 아니라 창피함의 증거다.

this is not a suitable place to unload the van.
이곳은 화물차에서 짐을 내리기에 적합하지 않은 장소이다.

this is not to gloat , nor is it schadenfreude.
이것은 고소하다는 느낌도 아니고 남의 불행에 쾌감을 갖는 것도 아니다.

this is not something to crow about.
이것은 자랑할 것이 아니야.

this is not baby einstein , where it's basically just babysitting.
이것은 베이비 아인슈타인이 아니다 단지 베이비 시팅만 잇을뿐.

this is not blurry mobile phone filming - it is a good tv camera.
이건 화질이 흐릿한 핸드폰 카메라로 찍는 것이 아니라 좋은 tv 카메라로 찍는 것이다.

this is not comparable to twilight or harry potter by the way.
이것은 " 트와일라잇 " 이나 " 해리 포터 " 와 비교할 수 없다.

this is usually people in college or that age bracket.
이것은 일반적으로 대학생들이거나 그 연령층의 사람들이다.

this is the big match , arsenal versus liverpool.
아스날 대 리버풀의 빅 매치야.

this is the second time this year that kim has scooped the best director prize at a major film festival , after his success at berlin with his film samaria.
김은 그의영화 " 사마리아 " 로 베를린에서 그의 성공을 거둔후 이번이 올 들어 두 번째로 대형 영화제에서 수상한 감독상이다.

this is the right time to become chivalrous.
지금이 바로 기사도 정신을 발휘할 때다.

this is the result from the adoption of immigrants.
이 것은 이민자들의 입양으로부터 발생한 결과이다.

this is the harry potter slime chamber.
이게 바로 " 해리 포터 비밀의 방 " 이거든요.

this is the official chapeau of our top - secret club , g.r.o.s.s.
이건 우리 일급 비밀클럽 g.r.o.s.s.의 공식 모자란 말이야.

this is the latest dance back home on south america.
이건 남미의 최신 춤이야.

this is the age of downsizing.
요새는 대량 감원의 시대야.

this is the neighborhood where all the wealthy people live.
이 곳은 부유한 사람들이 사는 지역입니다.

this is the sword of state.
이것은 보검이다.

this is the definitive method for verifying acromegaly.
이것은 말단거대증의 증상을 확인하는 가장 확실한 방법입니다.

this is the oldest hebrew manuscript in existence.
이것은 현존하는 가장 오래된 히브리어 필사본이다.

this is the happiest moment in his lifetime.
그 남자는 생애에서 가장 행복한 순간을 맞이했다.

this is the utmost i can do.
나는 이것밖에 할 수 없다.

this is where he studied harmony , counterpoint , and composition with al bruckner.
이 곳이 그가 앨 브루크너와 함께 화성학 , 대위법 , 그리고 작곡을 공부했던 곳이다.

this is like a little celebrity in the drawer.
서랍장에 들어 있는 이 벨트가 예쁜 연예인 역할을 하는 거죠.

this is so awkward. it's embarrassing.
저도 너무 어색해요. 정말 쑥스러운데요.

this is twice as long as that.
이것은 저 길이의 두 배이다.

this is my tenth year in america.
내가 미국에 온 지 햇수로 10년이다.

this is my 19th year as a professor at emory.
내가 에모리 대학의 교수로 있은 지 19년째가 됩니다.

this is all devastating to iran.
이는 이란에 매우 충격적인 일입니다.

this is something for your fever and this is for your cough.
이건 열나는 데 먹는 약 , 그리고 이건 기침약이에요.

this is going to be an incredibly unforgettable tour.
오늘은 믿기 어려울 정도로 잊지 못할 관광이 될 것입니다.

this is an important work , and i hope you do not make a muff of the business.
이것은 중요한 일이고 네가 일을 그르치지 않기를 바란다.

this is an important holiday in the united states.
이것은 미국에서 중요한 명절입니다.

this is an item that collectors would drool over.
이건 수집가들이 보면 군침을 흘릴 물건이다.

this is because they think speeding on the autobahn wastes energy and causes more air pollution.
그들은 아우토반에서 속도를 내는 것이 에너지를 낭비하고 공기 오염을 더욱 심하게 일으킨다고 생각하기 때문이에요.

this is because unrefined grains have lots of vitamins and minerals.
이것은 정제되지 않은 곡물들에는 많은 비타민과 무기질이 들어있기 때문이에요.

this is less brain candy than it is eye candy.
이건 머리를 필요로 하는것 보단 겉보기용이다..

this is just much ado about nothing.
이것은 곧 공연한법석이 되었다.

this is just one of the many funny stories about amelia.
이는 아멜리아에 관한 많은 재미난 이야기들 중 하나에 불과해요.

this is evidence , i believe , proving what historians wrote in the 16th century , that mona lisa was a real person.
이는 모나리자가 실존 인물이라는 16세기 역사학자들의 주장을 입증하는 증거라고 생각합니다.

this is too tricky. my wig !.
이건 너무 까다롭군. 이건 두 손 들었구나.

this is entirely different from controlled anger which is like a fire in a fireplace giving warmth at wintertime.
이는 겨울철 따뜻하게 해주는 벽난로 속의 불꽃 같은 억제된 분노와는 전적으로 다릅니다.

this is university of pittsburgh reproductive biologist gerald schatten , who advised the korean laboratory on data analysis and preparation of their english-language paper.
샤튼 교수는 자료 분석과 영어 보고서 준비와 관련해 한국의 과학자들에게 자문을 제공했습니다.

this is news to me. or i have never heard of this before. or this is a revelation to me.
이것은 금시초문이다.

this is certainly a matter not to be lightly handled. or the matter requires careful handling.
이것은 섣불리 손댈 수 없는 일이다.

this is mary sullivan with today's look at sports.
오늘의 스포츠 소식 시간의 메리 설리반입니다.

this is especially true in post-orgasm situations since his prolactin levels are high.
그의 프로락틴 수치가 높기 때문에 이것은 특히 절정기이후 상황에 옳을 것이다.

this is accounts receivable. may i help you ?.
외상 매출금 담당입니다. 무엇을 도와드릴까요 ?.

this is contrary to what i expected.
이것은 내가 예상했던 것과 반대이다.

this is detailed in the technical appendix , page 6.
이것은 기술부록 6페이지에 자세히 알려준다.

this is extremely important considering the business slowdown in the domestic economy.
국내 경제의 사업 침체를 고려해 볼 때 이것은 매우 중요하다.

this is brown's 'al capone' moment.
이 것은 브라운의 '알 카포네' 시기이다.

this is illustrated well in emil nolde's 1950 watercolor titled narcissi and hyacinths.
사람들이 수채화를 살펴보고 있다.

this is diametrically opposed to that.
이것은 저것과 정반대이다.

this is hydrophobic (it does not dissolve in water).
이것은 물에 친화력을 가지고 있지 않아요(물 속에서 녹지 않아요).

this is urgent and we need to resolve it.
이것은 시급한 것이고 우리는 그 것을 해결할 필요가 있다.

this is wendy at reception ; there's a package here for you.
접수부의 웬디인데요 , 여기 소포가 온 게 있어서요.

this is tricky , since peanut butter and water do not want to mix.
땅콩 버터와 물이 섞이려 하지 않기때문에 이것은 너무 까다롭다.

this is demonstrative of her skill.
이것은 그녀의 기술을 증명해줍니다.

this is unshrinkable in the wash. or this will not shrink in the wash.
세탁해도 죄어들지 않는다.

this is tittle tattle from the next door neighbour.
이것은 그냥 옆집 이웃이 퍼뜨린 잡답이다.

this is tiro , master of ceremonies for today's wedding , the robot said in front of guests as he was marrying the couple.
" 저는 티로입니다 , 오늘 결혼식의 사회를 맡게 되었습니다 ," 부부를 결혼 시키며 로봇이 하객들 앞에서 말합니다.

this , coupled with jetlag , will prevent me from meeting with you tomorrow.
감기에다가 시차로 인한 피로로 내일 뵙기로 한 약속을 지키지 못할 것 같습니다.

this does not scare me ! no way.
이것은 날 무섭게 하지 않아 ! 절대로.

this does not entail any legislative change.
이것은 어떠한 입법적 변화도 수반하지 않는다.

this word always entered my mind to an incident in my primary school days.
이 말을 들으면 언제나 초등학교 시절의 사건이 머리에 떠오른다.

this work is in austere counterpoint to that of gaudi.
이 작품은 가우디 작품과 극명한 대조를 이룬다.

this work is full of wonderful humor.
이 작품은 해학미가 넘친다.

this work is worth the trouble.
이 일은 노력을 들일 만 하다.

this work provides positive treatment and positive feelings and emotions.
이번 일은 긍정적인 대우와 긍정적인 느낌 , 감정을 제공한다.

this morning we went out for coffee and doughnuts.
오늘 아침 우리는 나가서 커피와 도넛을 먹었다.

this summer , president clinton named sheila widnall as secretary of the air force.
이번 여름 클린턴 대통령이 쉴라 위드널을 공군 장관에 임명했는데요.

this week , let's look into the life and works of daniel defoe , the father of english literature.
이번 주에는 영국 문학의 아버지인 대니얼 디포의 삶과 문학에 대해 알아보겠습니다.

this week , let's visit museum of korea straw and plants handicraft in jongno , seoul and learn interesting historical facts about straw !.
이번 주에는 , 서울 종로에 있는 한국 짚풀생활사박물관을 방문해서 짚에 대한 재미있는 역사적 사실을 배워봅시다 !.

this will result in a positive outcome on your body.
이것은 여러분의 인체에 긍정적인 결과를 가져다 줄 것이다.

this will indicate his state of mind when he stabbed anna lindh last september.
이에 따라 지난 9월 , 안나 린드 전 외무 장관을 흉기로 찔러 살해할 당시 피고의 정신 상태가 밝혀질 것으로 보입니다.

this hard work makes me lean on my chin strap.
이 힘든 일은 나를 완전히 녹초로 만든다.

this happy breed of men love their life-style.
이 행복한 종족들은 그들의 삶의 방식을 사랑한다.

this room would look more cheerful for a spot of paint.
이 방에 칠을 좀 하면 분위기가 더 밝아질 텐데.

this window is stuck tight as dick's hatband.
이 창문은 꼭 끼어서 움직이지 않는다.

this can be refined into the well known poison cyanide.
이것은 우리에게 잘 알려진 독인 청산가리로 정제될 수 있다.

this can occur with fecal matter hardened into stones (fecaliths) , foreign bodies , tumors , or swelling of lymphoid tissue in the appendix (lymphoid hyperplasia) in response to crohn's disease or certain infections.
이것은 배설물이 단단하게 굳거나(대변돌) , 이물질 , 종양 , 또는 크론병이나 몇몇 감염에 대한 반응으로 충수에 있는 림프 세포가 부어서(림 프 이상증식) 생길 수 있습니다.

this car is second to none in korea.
이 차가 한국에서 최고예요.

this book is about a girl who can use telepathy.
이 책은 텔레파시를 쓸 수 있는 한 소녀에 대한 이야기야.

this book is worth its weight in gold.
이 책은 아주 귀중합니다.

this book can not translate into korean.
이 책은 국역하기 어렵다.

this book may become a best seller , who knows ?.
이 책이 베스트셀러가 될 지 누가 알았어.

this book clearly falls into the category of fictionalized autobiography.
이 책은 분명 소설풍 자서전의 범주에 속한다.

this building , it turns out , is fully mapped and full of bats.
결국 이 건물 전체가 완전히 도면화되어 있으며 , 박쥐로 가득 차 있다는 것을 알게 되었습니다.

this study by the hudson institute says a majority of the students like charter schools because of their good teachers.
허드슨 연구소에서 실시한 이 조사에서 대다수의 학생들이 선생님들 때문에 챠터 스쿨을 선호한다고 대답했습니다.

this money will come in useful to you in the future.
이 돈이 나중에 너한테 유용하게 쓰일 수도 있을게다.

this baby was born by the grace of god. the magi said.
" 이 아기는 신의 은총으로 태어났다. " 3명의 동방박사가 말했다.

this year , world grain production is likely to set historic records , permitting some rebuilding of world food stockpiles.
금년에 세계 곡물 생산량은 역사적인 기록을 세워 세계 식량 비축 량을 어느 정도 다시 세울 것 같다.

this gift would be acceptable to anyone.
이 선물은 누구나 기뻐할 것이다.

this means that the person with autism is likely to be disabled for life.
이것은 자폐증이 있는 사람들이 평생을 불구로 살 가능성이 높다는 것을 뜻한다.

this means that the shark did not kill the victim.
이것은 상어가 희생자를 죽이지 않았다는것을 의미한다.

this means that with the engine off the driver will not have the same ability to steer as in a car with manual steering.
이 말은 엔진을 껐을 때 운전자가 수동 핸들을 장착한 차와 같은 식으로 핸들을 돌리는 것이 불가능함을 의미합니다.

this weekend was a real bummer.
이번 주말 완전히 꽝이었어.

this was a later christmas tradition.
이것은 크리스마스의 늦은 전통이였다.

this was the period when the tabloid scrutiny was at its most intense.
이 시기에 사건의 전말을 알아내려는 타블로이드 신문의 취재 열이 최고조에 달했다.

this was an easy article to compose.
이것은 구성하기 쉬운 기사다.

this family is one of the most deserving cases.
이 가족은 가장 자격이 있는 가족들 중 하나이다.

this deal could safeguard the futures of the 2000 employees.
이번 타결은 노동자 2 000명의 앞날을 보호해 줄 수 있을 것이다.

this body , however , will exist in perpetuity.
그러나 이 몸은 영원히 존재할 것이다.

this area was formerly within the sphere of influence of the us.
이 지역이 이전에는 미국의 영향권 내에 있었다.

this may make a sensitive child tense and apprehensive.
민감한 아이에겐 이것이 긴장과 걱정을 안겨줄 수도 있다.

this may lead to unhappiness and illness.
이것이 우울함이나 병을 낳습니다.

this temple looks hoary in everything.
이 절은 모든 것이 고색창연하다.

this one bedroom condo has plenty of natural light with 10-meter ceilings and a separate dining area.
방이 한 개 딸린 이 콘도는 천정이 10미터로 자연 채광이 풍부하며 식탁공간이 따로 분리돼 있습니다.

this government will not shirk from the big issues.
정부는 큰 문제에서 회피하려고 하지 않을 것이다.

this also protects the attacker from being maimed or even killed.
이것은 또한 공격하는 사람이 불구가 되거나 심지어 죽는것으로부터 보호해준다.

this island lies at a latitude of ten degrees north.
이 섬은 북위 10도에 위치한다.

this province has produced a large number of great men.
이 지방에서는 훌륭한 사람이 많이 났다.

this flower is comestible.
이 꽃은 먹을 수 있다.

this stock is suitable for investors who want a stable income from dividends.
이 주식은 안정적인 배당 수익을 원하는 투자자에게 적합하다.

this mountain is at an elevation of about 800 meters.
이 산은 고도가 800미터입니다.

this special offer is also available on the internet at www.puritan.com/pip.
저희 인터넷 사이트(www.puritan.com/pip)를 통해서도 이 특별판매를 이용할 수 있습니다.

this program is being rerun in response to the requests of the netizens.
네티즌들의 요청에 따라 이 프로그램을 재방송합니다.

this test consists of six sections which are designed to measure your vocational and academic abilities.
이 테스트는 여러분의 적성 및 업무 능력을 측정하기 위해 고안된 6개의 영역으로 이루어져 있습니다.

this test checks for antibodies to s.
모유에서 나오는 항독소는 아기의 장을 채워 감염을 방지한다.

this must be a very important deal.
이건 중요한 거래일 겁니다.

this president is a hawk who believes in flexing military muscle.
현 대통령은 무력행사를 선호하는 강경론자이다.

this has been around for awhile.
이것이 잠깐 존재한 적이 있다.

this has led scientists to speculate on the existence of other galaxies.
이것으로 인해 과학자들이 다른 은하계가 존재한다고 추측하게 되었다.

this type of cancer is sometimes called bile duct cancer.
이런 종류의 암을 때로는 담관암이라고 부른다.

this type of mistake may result in a three-base codon coding for the wrong amino acid during translation.
이러한 형태의 실수는 유전정보를 번역하는 동안 잘못된 아미노산을 부호화하는 세 개-베이스의 코돈을 가져올 수 있습니다.

this modern enemy is patient , wily and watchful.
이 현대의 적은 참을성있고 교활하고 주의깊다.

this column sustains the entire building.
이 기둥이 건물 전체를 지탱하고 있다.

this fact is apparent to everybody.
이 사실은 모두에게 명백하다.

this fact is worthy of notice.
이 사실은 주목할 만한 가치가 있다.

this fact is worthy of notice.
이 사실은 주목할 만한 가치가 있습니다.

this policy applies only to hourly workers and not to salaried employees , i.e. shift supervisors , middle management , or executives.
이 방침은 시간급 근로자에게만 적용되며 교대조 감독 , 중간 관리자 , 간부와 같이 급여를 받는 근로자에게는 해당되지 않습니다.

this medicine has a great curative power.
이 약은 치료 효과가 크다.

this method is ineffective , and makes students cranky and tired.
이방법은 효과도 없고 학생들을 짜증나고 지치게한다.

this tower is tilted about five degrees.
이 탑은 5도 정도 기울어져 있다.

this tower rises to a height of over 10 meters.
이 탑의 높이는 10미터 이상이다.

this stone is not worth a cracker.
이 돌은 전혀 쓸모없는 것이다.

this phone is not for outgoing calls.
이 전화는 외부통화는 이용할 수 없습니다.

this pair of shoes is no more than a penny plain and twopence colored.
이 신발 한 짝은 겉만 번지르르한 싸구려 물건이다.

this tree is many years old. or this is an old tree.
이것은 연수가 상당히 되는 나무다.

this result comes from us wanting perfection in our thoughts and ideas.
그 결과는 우리가 우리의 생각과 이상 속에서 완벽함을 원한 결과이다.

this new brand of so-called humour is puerile , lewd , tasteless and pointless.
이른바 " 유머 " 라고 불려지는 새로운 브랜드는 유치하고 , 선정적이며 천박하고 무의미하다.

this dog repaid kindness with malevolence.
이 개는 은혜를 악의로 되갚았다.

this place is a children's paradise.
이 곳은 아이들의 천국이다.

this child is an eternal reminder of my departed wife.
이 애가 있어 죽은 아내의 일이 잊히지 않는다.

this cake is so good it'll melt in your mouth.
이 케이크는 너무 맛이 있어 입 안에서 살살 녹는다.

this cake is great with coffee icing or maple icing.
이 케이크는 커피 당의나 메이플 당의와 함께 먹으면 맛있다.

this cake is delicious , mrs. moor.
케이크가 참 맛있네요 , mrs. moor.

this looks like the handiwork of an arsonist.
이것은 방화범의 소행으로 보인다.

this problem does not admit of a moment's delay.
이것은 분초를 다투는 문제이다.

this young , promising life was over in seconds , but his humiliation was not.
이러한 젊은이들의 전도유망한 삶은 잠깐이었다. 그러나 수모는 그렇지 않았다.

this along with the warmer temperatures can have a detrimental effect on the animals and creatures that reside in the antarctic.
기온이 더 따듯해 지는 것과 함께 이 사실은 남극에 살고 있는 동물과 생물들에게 해로운 영향을 줄 수 있어요.

this street is crowded with people on weekends.
이 거리는 주말마다 사람들로 북적거린다.

this award is such great encouragement for us to work even harder towards advancing citywide literacy in the years to come.
이 상은 앞으로도 저희가 도시 전역의 문자 해득률을 높이기 위해 더욱 열심히 분투할 수 있는 큰 격려입니다.

this clearly is an absurb proposition.
이것은 분명히 불합리한 제의이다.

this mission is wring water from a flint.
그 미션은 불가능하다.

this software is designed to scan all new files for viruses.
이 소프트웨어는 모든 새 파일에 대해 바이러스를 조사하도록 설계되어 있다.

this software supports all kinds of operating systems.
이 소프트웨어는 어떤 컴퓨터 환경에서도 호환이 가능하다.

this model is technically superior to its competitors.
이 모델이 그 경쟁 제품들보다 기술적으로 더 우수하다.

this coffee is made from high quality brazilian coffee beans and is very aromatic.
이 커피는 브라질산 고급 원두를 사용해서 향이 아주 좋다.

this film is filled with too many fascinating but unsubstantial stories.
이 영화는 너무나 많은 흥미가 있지만 줄거리가 빈약하다.

this date was selected by church leaders in the 4th century precisely because it coincided with a pagan festival held on the same day.
이 날짜는 4세기에 정확하게 기독교 지도자들이 결정한 날이다.왜냐하면 바로 이날이 이교도인들이 축제를 여는 날이었기 때문이다.

this town has been patrolled by police since after the riot.
이 마을은 폭동이 일어난 후로 경찰들이 순찰을 돌고 있다.

this training facility was designed with five purposes in mind : orientation for new employees ; leadership training for future middle and top-management ; technical training for the technical staff ; foreign language training for the offic.
이 훈련 시설은 심중에 다섯가지 목표를 가지고 설계되었다. 즉 , 새로운 입사자들의 적응지도 , 미래 중상층 경영진을 위한 리더십 훈련 , 기술 직원들을 위한 기술 훈련. 특.

this training facility was designed with five purposes in mind : orientation for new employees ; leadership training for future middle and top-management ; technical training for the technical staff ; foreign language training for the offic.
별히 구매 사무직원들을 위한 외국어 훈련 등을 위한 것이다. 마지막으로 휴식을 취하고 , 체력을 단련하며 , 동료 직원들과 더불어 참신하고 폭넓은 교류를 하며 생각과 견.

this training facility was designed with five purposes in mind : orientation for new employees ; leadership training for future middle and top-management ; technical training for the technical staff ; foreign language training for the offic.
해를 함께 나누기 위한 장소인 것이다.

this training includes live firing and weapon handling elements.
이번 훈련은 실탄사용 및 무기활용능력 등을 포함하고 있다.

this spring of the toy is broken.
장난감의 태엽이 고장 났다.

this idyllic pastoral scene is only part of the picture.
전원풍 목장의 풍경은 단지 이런 그림의 일부에 불과하다.

this meat is too tough to chew.
이 고기는 힘줄이 많아서 잘 안 씹힌다.

this product is for oily skin.
이 화장품은 지성 피부에 맞는 제품이다.

this product offers a quinquennial guarantee for parts and labor.
이 제품은 5년 간의 부품과 수리 보증을 제공한다.

this restaurant was named after a famous architect william thornton who was born on jost van dyke.
이 음식점은 조스트 반 다이크에서 태어난 유명한 건축가 윌리암 손톤의 이름을 따서 이름이 붙여졌어요.

this maritime park stretches widely from east to west , covering both land and sea.
이 해양공원은 동서로 넓게 펼쳐져 있어 육지와 바다 모두를 차지하고 있다.

this mark signifies that the products conform to an approved standard.
이 표시는 그 상품이 공인된 기준에 부합함을 뜻한다.

this shows the grandmother is selfish and manipulative.
이것은 그 할머니가 이기적이고 술수에 능하다는 것을 보여준다.

this caused carbon dioxide levels to go up.
이것은 이산화탄소 수치를 높였다.

this article is superior in quality.
이 물건은 상품이다.

this fossil is estimated to be the breastbone of a dinosaur.
이 화석은 공룡의 가슴뼈로 추정된다.

this year's highest scorer of the college scholastic ability test is from our school.
우리 학교에서 올 수능의 최고 득점자가 나왔다.

this tall building overlooks the whole city.
이 건물에서는 시내 전체가 내려다보인다.

this stupid , wagon wheel , roy rogers' garage sale coffee table !.
이 바보 같은 수레 바퀴 ! 로이 로저스가 창고 세일에 내놓은 커피 테이블 같으니라구 !.

this passenger jet is no cattle car.
이 여객기의 수준이 형편없는것은 아닙니다.

this document is comprehensive of 10 sheets of papers.
이 서류는 10장의 종이를 포함한다.

this technique was also used in the film memento.
이 기술은 또한 영화 메멘토에서도 사용이 되었다.

this green pigeon was seen in jinhae , south gyeongsang-do on march 10.
이 녹색 비둘기는 경상남도 진해에서 3월 10일에 발견되었다.

this resulted in a fight between british soldiers and the 13 colonies militia.
이것으로 인해 영국 군인과 13개 식민지의 민병대들 사이에 싸움이 일어났다.

this pattern , note the authors , conforms to the sociological theory that conformity is weakest at the top and bottom of a hierarchy based on status.
이러한 경향은 신분에 따른 계급 구조의 최상층과 최하층 계급에서 사회 규범에 대한 순응이 가장 약하게 형성된다는 사회 이론을 그대로 반영해 주는 것 이라고 연구원들은 말한다.

this pattern , note the authors , conforms to the sociological theory that conformity is weakest at the top and bottom of a hierarchy based on status.
이러한 경향은 신분에 따른 계급 구조의 최상층과 최하층 계급에서 사회 규범에 대한 순응이 가장 약하게 형성된다는 사회 이론을 그대로 반 영해 주는 것이라고 연구원들은 말한다.

this saturday and sunday we are having our biggest ever year-end clearance sale !.
이번 주 토요일과 일요일에 사상 최대의 연말 재고품 세일을 합니다 !.

this period produced a lot of new types of art , literature , and scientific ideas.
이 시기는 많은 새로운 종류의 미술 , 문학 , 그리고 과학적 생각을 만들어냈다.

this reality is especially observable in politics.
이 현실은 특히 정치에서 볼 수 있습니다.

this data is provided for non-scientific use as a public service to the community.
이 자료는 과학적인 용도가 아닌 공공서비스 차원에서 지역사회에 제공됩니다.

this final test will count seventy percent of your total grade.
이번 기말고사는 총 성적의 70%를 차지할 겁니다.

this final average can also violate a more subtle property which i call convexity.
이 " 최종 평균 " 은 내가 첨도라고 부르는 좀더 미묘한 특성을 또한 위반할 수 있다.

this move by the germans is in the same vein.
독일인들의 이번 움직임도 같은 입장이다.

this screen lets you set the delimiters your data contains. you can see how your text is affected in the preview below.
데이터의 구분 기호를 설정합니다. 미리 보기 상자에서 적용된 텍스트를 볼 수 있습니다.

this opens the door for creating a potentially limitless , inexpensive source of medicinal proteins.
이는 치유력을 가지는 단백질의 잠재적으로 무한하고 비싸지 않은 약효 있는 단백질의 원천을 만들어내는 장을 연 것이다.

this gas pipeline would be the most ambitious energy link in south asia.
이 가스관은 남아시아에서 최대의 야심적인 에너지 연계사업이 될 것으로 보입니다.

this video is a pleasure to watch.
이 비디오는 보기만 해도 즐겁습니다.

this allows the flavors to mingle.
이것은 향들이 서로 잘 어울어지도록 한다.

this music manifesto is about creating more music for more people.
이 음악 선언은 더 많은 사람들을 위해 더 많은 음악을 만들겠다는 내용에 관한 것이다.

this traditional cowboy song describes homage to some of the large game found in north america.
미국 카우보이들의 이 전통적인 노래는 북미 대륙의 목축풍경을 묘사하는 노래입니다.

this airplane is capable of accommodating about two hundred passengers.
이 비행기는 200명 가량의 승객을 태울 수 있다.

this event tried to recapture the ceremonial walk of the royal family.
이번 행사에서는 왕실 행차를 재현했다.

this law was called the act of supremacy.
그 법은 수장령이라 불렸다.

this writer is a delineator of passions rather than of scenery.
이 작가는 서경보다는 서정에 능숙하다.

this dictionary has an abundance of examples.
이 사전은 예문이 풍부하다.

this dictionary comprises 80 , 000 english words now in use.
이 사전은 현재 사용되고 있는 8만의 영어 단어를 망라하고 있다.

this letter was mailed in new york.
이 편지는 뉴욕 발신이다.

this led to heightened tension and competition between the two nations.
이것은 두 국가 사이의 팽팽한 긴장감과 경쟁을 이끌었다.

this horse has a big welt caused by a riding switch.
이 말은 승마용 회초리로 야기된 큰 부은 자국을 가지고 있다.

this exciting stretch of clear creek is an almost continuous run of class iii and class iv rapids.
손에 땀을 쥐게 하는 클리어 크릭의 강줄기는 거의 전 코스에 3급 내지 4급의 급류가 연속으로 이어집니다.

this historic hotel will delight guests with its lavish decor and luxurious comforts.
이 유서 깊은 호텔은 호화로운 장식과 화려한 안락함으로 고객들에게 기쁨을 선사할 것입니다.

this bright , gold-colored powder is made from drying the rhizomes of the curcuma longa plant , which is part of the ginger family.
밝고 골드 색의 가루는 생강과에 속하는 것으로 죽어가는 강황의 뿌리줄기로부터 만든다.

this thus proves how important the kidneys are.
이렇게 해서 이것은 콩팥(신장)이 얼마나 중요한지를 증명해준다.

this procedure is highly effective , especially for supraventricular tachycardia.
이 수술은 매우 효과적이며 , 특히 심실성 빈맥에 효과적이다.

this procedure ensures correct placement of the catheter.
이 절차대로 하면 카테터를 틀림없이 정확히 삽입할 수 있다.

this artificial fabric has the texture of silk , and it need to be wetted out.
이 인공직물은 비단의 질감이 있으면 물에 담길 필요가 있다.

this material is very plastic and cheap.
이 원료는 매우 유연하면서도 싸다.

this interconnection means that if something goes wrong with one system due to a mistake or deliberate sabotage , it could have far-flung , possibly disastrous effects.
이런 상호 연관성은 실수나 의도적인 파괴로 한 시스템에 이상이 생길 경우 , 그 여파가 상당히 크고 치명적일 수도 있다는 의미가 되기도 합 니다.

this positive image of american adolescence in 1999 is a little like yearbook photos that depict every kid as happy and blemish-free.
1999년 미국 청소년들의 이런 긍정적인 모습은 다소 모든 아이들이 행복하고 흠 없어 보이는 졸업앨범 사진 같다.

this couple cut theirs down to two days.
이 신랑신부는 자신들의 결혼 예식 기간을 이틀로 줄였습니다.

this piece for the violin is also arranged for the piano.
이 바이올린곡은 피아노용으로도 편곡되어 있다.

this candy is low in salt , high in potassium.
이 사탕은 소금은 적고 칼륨이 많다.

this recipe is about 50 years old.
이 조리법은 50년이 다 되었다.

this coupon is now a dead dog.
이 쿠폰은 이제 무용지물이다.

this chart shows the average rainfall in a mediterranean city for each season over the last 10 years.
이 도표는 지난 10년동안 각 계절별로 지중해 지역 도시의 평균 강우량을 보여주고 있습니다.

this cup will serve as a sugar bowl.
이 컵은 설탕 그릇으로 알맞다.

this ship has no engine , no propellers and no rudder.
이 배는 엔진 , 프로펠러 , 키를 가지고 있지 않았다.

this expansion happens because crude perlite rock is made up of from two to six percent water.
이렇게 확장되는 것은 진주암 원석이 2-6퍼센트의 수분으로 구성되어 있기 때문입니다.

this moral law is still in full force.
이 도덕률은 아직도 엄연히 존재하고 있다.

this lane has a smell of stale urine.
이 골목은 오줌 냄새가 난다.

this includes clearly christians , jews , and other muslims are all demonized.
여기에는 분명 기독교도와 유태교도 , 그리고 다른 비회교도들을 악마로 규정짓는 내용이 들어있습니다.

this erosion process can result in a mesa.
이 침식 과정을 통해 메사가 만들어질 수 있어요.

this passage also teaches people to be considerate of other people's feelings.
이 단락은 또한 사람들은 다른 사람의 감정을 배려해야 한다고 가르치고 있다.

this medication controls cataplexy in people with narcolepsy.
이 약물은 기면증이 있는 사람의 탈력발작을 조절한다.

this folder can not be added to the briefcase because the disk is inaccessible. verify that the disk is accessible.
디스크에 액세스할 수 없으므로 이 폴더를 서류 가방에 추가할 수 없습니다. 디스크에 액세스할 수 있는지 확인하십시오.

this occurs when levels of 300 micrograms per cubic meter or more are recorded by city-wide air monitoring stations.
이러한 조치는 시내 전역에 있는 대기 오염 관측소의 측정 결과 , 이상화 질소가 1평방 미터 당 3백 마이크로그램 수준 이상일 때 취해진다.

this paper is subject to correction.
이 서류의 오류는 수정될 것이다.

this battle was the first major conflict of the war of independence.
이 전투는 미국 독립 전쟁 최초의 본격적인 전투였다.

this apple was up his sleeve.
이 사과는 그가 몰래 준비해 둔 것이다.

this cream contains a mild analgesic to soothe stings and bites.
이 연고는 약간의 진통 효과가 있어서 벌레에 쏘이고 물린 상처를 가라앉힌다.

this necklace was fallen off the back of a lorry.
이 목걸이는 훔친 물건이었다.

this ointment should heal the cut in no time.
이 연고가 벤 상처를 금방 낫게 해줄 것이다.

this lipstick is a ghastly colour.
이 립스틱은 색깔이 기분 나빠.

this apology law recognized that the overthrow resulted in the suppression of the self-rule of the native hawaiian people.
이 " 사과 법령 " 은 하와이 정부의 전복으로 하와이 원주민들의 자치가 탄압받는 결과가 초래되었음을 인정하고 있었습니다.

this stops dirt from going into your nose.
이것은 먼지가 코 속으로 들어가지 않도록 막아준다.

this aphorism has an extreme significance to today's society.
이러한 경구는 요즘 사회에서 극히 중요하다.

this deceptively small portion contains several different chemicals -- mucus , electrolytes , antibacterial compounds , and enzymes -- all of which play their own particular role in one's mouth.
이 믿을 수 없을 정도로 적은 양은 몇 가지 다른 화학물질- 점액 , 전해물질 , 항균성 혼합물 , 그리고 효소-을 포함하고 있고 이 모든 것들은 입안에서 자신들 의 고유의 역할을 합니다.

this patch is considered critical , as well.
따라서 이번에 출시하는 패치 역시 매우 중요한 의미를 지니고 있습니다.

this garment has been treated with litegard disinfectant.
이 옷은 라이트가드로 살균 처리되었습니다.

this incredible jockey has been a champion for many years.
이 놀라운 경마기수는 수년간 챔피언이었다.

this amiable girl is obviously a gifted storyteller.
이 상냥한 소녀는 확실히 재능있는 이야기꾼이다.

this vegetable is not fit for human consumption.
이 채소는 식용으로 적합하지 않다.

this blog has been in abeyance for a long time.
이 블로그는 오랜 기간동안 휴면상태였다.

this ink spreads on the paper.
이 잉크는 종이에 번진다.

this portrait was painted about 150-200 b.c.
이 초상화는 b.c. 150년에서 200년 즈음에 그려졌다.

this plaster has lost its adhesiveness.
이 고약은 진기가 없어졌다.

this synthetic detergent washes out dirt very well.
이 합성 세제는 때가 잘 빠진다.

this cow's price is more than two times than normal because it's in calf.
이 소는 지금 새끼를 배고 있어서 평소의 가격보다 2배 이상이다.

this hint gives all a for instance.
이 힌트는 모두에게 예시를 한다.

this ceramic has been in our family for generations.
이 도자기는 집안 대대로 전해 내려오는 것이다.

this monument was put up as a tribute to her fidelity.
이 비는 그녀의 충절을 기리기 위해 세워졌다.

this hen lays an egg every day.
이 닭은 매일 한 개씩 알을 낳는다.

this brooch is really a very fine work of art.
이 브로치는 정말 훌륭한 예술품입니다.

this toaster will have to go back ? it's faulty.
이 토스터기는 돌려 줘야겠어. 결함이 있어.

this expanse of 'vegetated shingle' is one of the best habitats of its sort on the south coast.
초목이 무성한/드문드문한 지역.

this waterway is navigable for large ships.
이 수로는 대형 선박들도 항해할 수 있다.

this dishware is really frail.
이 접시류는 정말 약하다.

this orangutan was kidnapped by poachers.
이 오랑우탄은 밀렵꾼들에게 납치당했었다.

this blizzard caused great damage to the hog farms in this area.
이번 폭설은 이 지역 양돈 농가에 큰 피해를 주었다.

this pill will take care of your headache.
이 알약을 먹으면 두통이 사라질 거에요.

this glove has a tight knit.
이 장갑은 짜임이 촘촘하다.

this modem allows users to send information much faster than before.
이 모뎀은 사용자들이 종전보다 훨씬 빠른 속도로 정보를 전송할 수 있게 해 준다.

this stranglehold on the norwegian economy made it difficult to maintain political independence.
이러한 노르웨이 경제에 대한 지배는 정치적인 독립을 지속하는 것을 힘들게 했습니다.

this grapefruit juice is refreshing , but very sugary.
이 자몽 주스는 산뜻한데 너무 달다.

this pear is light and crisp.
이 배는 사박사박하다.

this paved the way for his future success.
이것이 그의 출세의 단서가 되었다.

this warranty will be honored by any authorized service depot in canada or the united states.
이 보증서는 카나다와 미국의 어느 지정 서비스점에서나 통용됩니다.

this sticker will not come off easily.
이 스티커는 좀처럼 떨어지지 않는다.

this ruse will confound the enemy.
이 계략으로 적을 물리칠 수 있을 것이다.

this chinaware is a final piece of workmanship.
이 도자기는 솜씨의 결정판이다.

this lithograph is one of a limited edition of 500 that have been printed and signed by the artist.
이 석판화는 작가가 인쇄하고 서명한 500장의 한정판 중 하나이다.

this 10-story limestone tower located to the left and behind wright's whorl concrete structure is attached to it and rises two stories above it.
라이트가 설계한 나선형 콘크리트 구조물 왼편 뒤쪽에 위치한 이 10층짜리 석회암 타워는 본 건물에 연결되어 있고 본 건물 2층 위로 높이 솟아 있습니다.

this leaflet is produced for the information of our customers.
이 안내 책자는 저희 고객들에게 정보를 드리기 위해 펴낸 것입니다.

this commision operates under majority rule.
이 위원회는 다수결로 운영한다.

this newscast is coming to you directly from tokyo.
도쿄 현지에서 직접 전해 드리는 뉴스입니다.

this presumes , of course , that people are telling the truth.
물론 , 사람들이 진실을 말한다는 것을 가정하고 말이다.

mean fellows will advertise themselves at the expenses of others.
소인은 자기를 내세우고 남을 헐뜯는 법이다.

rice cakes are covered with bean flour.
떡에 콩가루가 묻었다.

what's the most unforgettable movie you have seen ?.
인상 깊게 본 영화 있으세요 ?.

what's the best way to cook trout ?.
송어를 요리하는 가장 좋은 방법이 뭔가요 ?.

what's the bone of contention between them ?.
그들 사이에 분쟁이 일고 있는 근본원인은 뭔가요 ?.

what's the status of the baylor industry order ?.
베일러 산업의 주문 현황은 어떻게 되가나요 ?.

what's the catch in his offer ?.
그의 제안에는 어떤 책략이 있을까 ?.

what's the number for the peter office ?.
피터 사무실 전화번호가 몇 번이죠 ?.

what's the catalog number of the item you would like to order ?.
손님이 주문하시고자 하는 품목 번호가 몇 번입니까 ?.

what's the betting that he gets his own way ?.
그가 자기 원하는 대로 할 수 있을 것 같니 ?.

what's the useable battery life for this model ?.
이 모델의 배터리 수명이 얼마나 돼요 ?.

what's your quote for this job ?.
이거 견적이 얼맙니까 ?.

what's all the palaver about ?.
뭣 때문에 이리 야단법석이지 ?.

what's on in maryton is the definitive guide to the attractions , restaurants , and entertainment that maryton has to offer.
메리턴에서는 지금은 메리턴에서 제공하는 명소 , 레스토랑과 오락 거리에 대한 확실한 안내서이다.

what's that thing on your windshield ?.
자동차 앞 유리에 있는 게 뭡니까 ?.

what's more , digital systems could liberate theater owners from showing not just movies , but live events , like boxing matches , broadway shows and the super bowl.
더욱이 디지털 시스템 덕분에 극장주들은 단순히 영화뿐 아니라 권투 시합이나 브로드웨이 뮤지컬 , 슈퍼볼 등의 행사 생중계도 상영할 수 있 게 되었습니다.

what's with the boss ? he's going ballistic in there.
사장님 왜 저려서 ? 저 안에서 엄청 열받아 계시던데.

what's wrong with telling the truth ?.
진실을 말한다면 문제는 무엇일까 ?.

what's keeping you ? hurry up , will ya ? i am already late.
뭘 꾸물대 ? 좀 서두를래 ? 난 벌써 늦었어.

what's impressed me most is his solidity.
나에게 가장 인상깊었던 것은 그의 견실함이다.

your parents are strict. mine just live and let live.
너희 부모는 엄격하구나. 나는 방임주의란다.

your baby will begin to vocalize long before she can talk.
아기는 말을 할 수 있기 훨씬 전에 입으로 소리를 내기 시작한다.

your body secretes endorphin when you laugh.
웃으면 몸에서 엔도르핀이 분비된다.

your question was about how we coordinate that.
네 질문은 어떻게 우리가 그것을 조정할 것인가였다.

your efforts will be crowned with success.
공든 탑이 무너지랴.

your behavior is simply beyond the pale.
너의 행동은 전적으로 용인할 수 없다.

your first job will be to sweep out the store.
자네가 첫번째로 해야 할 일은 가게를 쓰는 걸세.

your method packed a wallop.
네 방법이 대단한 효험이 있었다.

your phone connection to register was interrupted.
등록을 위한 전화 연결이 중단되었습니다.

your friend yelled at me out of his skull.
네 친구는 술에 취해 내게 소리질렀다.

your new car is pretty. why do not you let her rip one time.
당신의 새로운 차가 멋집니다. 전속력을 몰아보는 게 어떻습니까 ?.

your new certificate must have a name and a specific bit length.
새 인증서에는 이름 및 특정 비트 길이가 있어야 합니다.

your voice is second only to hers.
네 목소리는 그녀의 목소리에 버금가는 수준이다.

your guess is off the beam this time.
네 추측이 이번엔 틀렸다.

your support will put me on my mettle.
네 응원이 날 분발하게 할 것이다.

your name was mis-typed into the computer.
손님 성함이 컴퓨터에 잘못 입력되어 있었어요.

your face is so beautiful in repose.
잠자고 있는 당신의 얼굴은 참으로 아름답군요.

your action is discrepant from your words.
네 행동이 말과 모순된다.

your ground is anything but convincing.
너의 논거가 아주 빈약하다.

your web site's common name is its fully qualified domain name.
웹 사이트 일반 이름은 정규화된 도메인 이름입니다.

your pet will be happier at home.
당신의 애완동물은 집에서 더 행복할 것이다.

your stuff is over hyped and expensive.
너의 물건은 비싸고 소문만요란할 뿐이야.

your nose may look crooked , and you may find it difficult to breathe.
너의코는 휘어져보이고 , 숨쉬기 힘들어보인다.

your current security settings prohibit copying or moving files from this zone.
현재 보안 설정 때문에 이 영역의 파일을 복사하거나 이동할 수 없습니다.

your shipment of fifteen glass-topped teak desks arrived last monday morning.
귀사에서 발송한 유리판을 씌운 티크 책상 15개가 지난 월요일 아침에 도착했습니다.

your shoes are the same size as mine.
자네 신발 크기는 내 것과 같다.

your nagging is getting very annoying.
이제 네 잔소리도 지긋지긋하다.

your explanation might have convinced sheila , but it didn' t convince me.
당신의 설명은 셰일라를 설득했는지 몰라도 나를 설득하지는 못했다.

your password on %1 has expired. please change it using the setpass utility.
%1의 암호가 만료되었습니다. setpass 유틸리티를 사용하여 암호를 변경하십시오.

your liver suffers when you hit the bottle.
술을 많이 마시면 간이 고생한다.

your liver suffers if you hit the sauce.
술독에 빠지면 간이 고생한다.

your actions are not in accordance with common sense.
너의 행동은 상식에 어긋난다.

your stockbroker will take care of paying the tax , and will subsequently bill you.
너희 증권 중개인이 세금 내는것과 청구서 문제를 처리해줄거야.

your dishcloth can harbour many germs.
집안의 행주가 수많은 세균의 온상일 수가 있다.

your audience's perception of you depends as much on your appearance and mannerism as to the content of your speech.
여러분에 대한 청중들의 인식은 여러분의 발표 내용만큼이나 많이 외모와 매너리즘(언어 , 동작의 투 , 버릇)에 따라 결정된다.

your reaction-the president made a comment on skin color and selfgovernment on friday in the rose garden with canada's prime minister.
대통령이 금요일 캐나다 총리와 함께 한 백악관 로즈 가든에서 피부색과 자치에 대해 언급한 것을 어떻게 생각하는지 말씀해주십시오.

your untiring efforts will earn you a good reputation.=your untiring efforts will earn a good reputation for you.
너의 지칠 줄 모르는 노력은 네게 좋은 평판을 가져올 것이다.

job share.
밤에는 강하지만 , 아침엔 약합니다..

work with models in various locations and activities without the confinement of lighting setups.
조명 기구의 제한을 받지 않고 여러 장소에서 다양한 활동을 통해 모델들과 작업을 합니다.

work continues to collate fully corrected figures.
완전히 정확한 수치를 분석하도록 작업을 계속 하세요.

shop.
가게.

shop.
점포.

he's a man with a benevolent heart.
그는 마음이 어진 사람이다.

he's a riot ! he uses a lot of off-color humor.
그 사람 정말 웃기는 사람이야 ! 야한 농담을 정말 많이 해.

he's a superhero who does not want a costume.
그는 자신만의 복장을 원하지 않는 슈퍼히어로이다.

he's a neatly turned out , bespectacled man of 38 with combed-back wavy hair.
그는 38세가 되어 , 곱슬거리는 머리를 말끔이 빗어 묶고 안경을 쓰니 아주 말쑥해 졌다.

he's a first-class marksman.
그는 특등 사수다.

he's a democrat looking for a lovely liberal.
사랑스런 진보주의 애인을 찾고 있는 민주당원이죠.

he's a lefty and can not write with his right hand.
그는 왼손잡이라 오른손으로는 글씨를 못 쓴다.

he's a patriot , a leader and a visionary , said senator bill nelson in a statement.
" 그는 애국자 , 지도자 이자 공상가 입니다 ," 라고 빌 넬슨 상원의원이 연설에서 말했다.

he's a charlatan who will not come clean about his real motives and associations.
그는 그의 진짜 동기와 연관된 것에 대해 밝히지 않는 사기꾼이다.

he's a sophomore and a total unmitigated hunk.
그는 2학년이고 진짜 킹카예요.

he's a time-waster.
그는 시간 낭비자이다.

he's in better shape than you are , tubby.
그는 너보다 몸매가 더 낫다구 , 터비.

he's not a very sincere person. hail-fellow-well-met-you know the type.
그는 그다지 성실한 사람은 아니에요. 살살거리기만 하는 녀석 - 어떤 형인지 아시겠지요.

he's not as dopy as he looks.
그는 보기만큼 그렇게 어리숙하지 않다.

he's the boy wearing sunglasses on the left side of me.
내 왼쪽에 선글라스 쓰고 있는 애가 걔야.

he's the guy from the office , the tv series.
그는 tv 시리즈 더 오피스에 출연한 배우입니다.

he's the seventeenth of fifty-two children , some of whom live in the united states. his father died when he was 10.
빈 라덴은 52명의 자식 중 열 일곱 번째로 태어났고 , 그의 형제 중 일부는 미국에 살고 있습니다. 빈 라덴의 아버지는 빈 라덴이 열살 되던 해.

he's the seventeenth of fifty-two children , some of whom live in the united states. his father died when he was 10.
에 사망했습니다.

he's come down with tuberculosis again.
그는 결핵이 재발했다.

he's so stupid ; he's a dodo.
그 사람은 참 멍청해. 그는 얼간이야.

he's so stingy that he squeezes the dollar till the eagle screams.
그 사람은 어찌나 인색한지 소금도 그런 소금이 없다.

he's so conceited. his egotism turns everybody off.
그는 너무 자만심이 강해요. 그의 이기주의 때문에 사람들이 등을 돌려요.

he's very secretive about his work.
그는 자기 일에 대해 몹시 비밀스럽다.

he's very unfriendly and i am afraid to talk to him.
그는 태도가 너무 딱딱해서 말을 걸기가 무섭다.

he's always trying to creep into with the boss.
그는 언제나 사장의 비위를 맞추려고 애쓰고 있다.

he's always fawning over his rich uncle.
그는 항상 부자 삼촌의 비위를 맞춘다.

he's always spouting off about being a vegetarian.
그는 항상 채식주의자인 것에 대해 지껄여 댄다.

he's my dad. i am a loach. he's a loach too.
그는 우리 아빠야. 난 미꾸라지다. 그도 미꾸라지란 말야.

he's living a life of someone completely dejected , addicted to alcohol and gambling.
그는 술과 도박에 빠져 폐인이나 다름없는 생활을 하고 있다.

he's got an unpredictable side to him.
그는 엉뚱한 데가 있다.

he's watching the boob tube again.
저 놈 또 텔레비젼 보고 있네 !.

he's been offered an astronomical salary.
그는 천문학적인 급료를 제의 받았다.

he's been droning on for six minutes.
그는 6분동안 나불대고 있다.

he's been irradiating corn with strontium.
그는 스트론튬으로 옥수수를 방사능처리하고 있다.

he's trying to threaten me , but he can just drop dead.
그는 나를 위협하려고 하지만 , 그러다 갑자기 죽는 수가 있다.

he's spending money as if he were a millionaire.
그는 자신이 마치 백만장자라도 되는 양 돈을 쓰고 있다.

he's into surfing in a big way.
그는 서핑을 굉장히 좋아한다.

he's pulled the company back from the brink.
그가 회사를 도산 직전에 구해 냈다.

he's put in for a membership.
그는 회원권을 신청해 놓았어요.

he's quite experienced (and seasoned) as a reporter.
그는 기자로서 짬밥이 꽤 된다.

he's just a licentious old man.
그는 진정 방탕한 늙은이이다.

he's just nipped out to have a slash.
그는 방금 오줌 갈기러 나갔어.

he's still recuperating from his operation.
그는 수술을 받고 아직도 회복 중이다.

he's even cute when he's being a total pig !.
저 사람은 어떻게 더러운 짓을 해도 귀엽냐 !.

he's running a cookie-cutter campaign , repeating the same canned phrases time and again.
그는 똑같은 구호들을 계속 되풀이 하면서 , 판에 박힌 캠페인을 전개하고 있다.

he's buying something from a vending machine.
그는 자판기에서 무언가를 사고 있다.

he's leading his bicycle up the trail.
그는 자전거를 끌고 오솔길을 올라가고 있다.

he's built like a beanpole.
그는 비쩍 말라서 키만 멀대같이 크다.

he's bought a new pc , colour printer , scanner ? the lot.
그는 새 개인 컴퓨터 , 컬러 프린터 , 스캐너를 전부 다 샀다.

he's moved back to the city to open an insurance agency.
보험 대리점을 차리러 여기에 다시 왔더라구.

he's talented , cute (adoring girls would say he's handsome) , and he seems to be a genuinely nice guy.
그는 재능 있고 , 귀엽다(흠모하고 있는 여성들은 그가 잘 생겼다고 이야기 한다.) , 그리고 그는 진정 멋진 청년인 듯하다.

he's bald as a billiard ball.
그는 완전히 대머리예요.

he's adjusting the controls on his microphone.
남자는 마이크 장치를 조절하고 있다.

he's helpless at changing a tire.
그는 타이어를 갈아 끼우지 못한다.

he's biding his time to move on.
그는 움직일 기회를 기다리고 있다.

he's ideally suited for this job. or he is the ideal candidate for this job.
그는 이 직업에 이상적인 사람이다.

so i feel like wow , that's another part of me i can discover.
그래서 저의 또 다른 면을 발견하는 듯한 느낌이 들었죠.

so i decided to share my life with them , holt said.
" 그래서 나는 내 인생을 그들과 함께 공유하기로 결심했죠 ," 라고 홀트가 말했어요.

so i try to keep myself open , clinton , michigan.
미시간 클린턴에 있는 분 , 전 항상 절 열어두려 노력합니다.

so i sat on the back porch on one of those really steamy , hot texas summer nights and i read it.
그래서 , 정말 덥고 습한 텍사스에서 밤에 베란다에 앉아 대본을 읽었죠.

so he knows the value of dispassion and of the careful pursuit of facts.
그는 객관성의 가치를 잘 알고 사건을 주의 깊게 보았다.

so , i often go to see movies , art exhibitions , photo galleries and sometimes just sightsee in general.
그래서 , 저는 영화 , 미술 전시 , 사진 갤러리를 자주 보러 가고 때때로 그냥 구경을 하기도 합니다.

so , is that city your hometown ?.
그럼 , 그 도시가 고향이세요 ?.

so , you are thinking of quitting that high-powered job.
그래 , 그 좋은 직장을 그만둘 생각을 하고 계시는군요.

so , are you ready to reprogram your subconscious and activate your own emotional gps ?.
그러면 , 여러분의 무의식을 재프로그램하고 여러분만의 감정적인 위치 확인 시스템을 가동할 준비가 되었나요 ?.

so , how does bedwetting happen ?.
그렇다면 , 침대에 오줌을 싸는 것은 어떻게 일어날까요 ?.

so , of course , robots like robin williams and others who are in this movie all band together to win the day.
물론 이 영화에 나오는 로빈 윌리엄스(가 연기하는) 로봇과 나머지 로봇들은 최후의 승리를 위해 서로 힘을 합칩니다.

so , we need to strategize and figure out how we are going to approach this.
따라서 우리는 전략을 세워서 이 문제에 어떻게 접근해야 할지 생각해 봐야 합니다.

so , we burp to push out the gases from our bodies.
따라서 우리는 몸에서 가스를 밀어내기 위해 트림을 하는 것이랍니다.

so , why are the chinese so crazy about peony ?.
그렇다면 왜 중국인들은 모란에 열광하는가 ?.

so , many people wonder how he could write about so many amazing things.
그래서 많은 사람들은 그가 어떻게 그런 놀라운 작품들을 썼는지 궁금해 한다.

so , many women struggle to keep up.
그래서 많은 여성들이 기를 쓰고 양쪽 일을 해내고 있습니다.

so , if i want to go forward , i think forward , if i want to go backward , i think backward.
그래서 , 제가 앞으로 가고 싶으면 , 전진이라고 생각하면 되고 , 뒤로 가고 싶을 때는 , 후진이라고 생각하면 됩니다.

so , if this is a hit , they have got a builtin franchise that's going to carry them the next two years.
그래서 , 1부가 대박을 터뜨리면 , 향후 2년간의 성공은 따놓은 당상이죠.

so , without further ado , here he is , let's welcome jonathan connelly.
이제 , (소개는) 이쯤에서 끝내고 조나단 코넬리씨를 모시겠습니다.

so the moths decided to try to make the rainbow themselves.
그래서 나방들은 스스로 무지개를 만들기로 결심했다.

so the eighthgrader went to his dad , dave mazza , a venture capitalist.
그래서 이 8학년 어린이는 벤처 투자가인 아빠 데이브 마자 씨를 찾아갔습니다.

so it is a sword and a shield.
그래 , 이건 칼과 방패야.

so much for blowing away the cobwebs.
그는 거미줄을 없애기 위하여 노력하였다.

so people are trying to accomplish the act of euthanasia.
그래서 사람들은 안락사를 행할려고 시도한다.

so when they ditch the perfect partner heartlessly , you have to ditch them too.
그래서 그들이 완벽한 상대를 가차없이 찰때 , 당신도 그들을 차버려야 합니다.

so they started drinking cacao.
그래서 그들은 카카오를 마시기 시작했어.

so there is a quid pro quo in this.
따라서 여기에는 댓가가 따른다.

so there is nobody to direct this project for at least 3 weeks.
그래서 최소한 3주 동안 이 프로젝트를 감독할 사람이 없어요.

so for years , scientists have been searching for substitutes to satisfy our craving for things sweet , without the detrimental effects.
그래서 과학자들은 수년간에 걸쳐 단것에 대한 우리의 욕구를 충족시켜 줄 무해한 대체 감미료를 찾아 왔습니다.

so many people required visas to travel to brazil that , in spite of consular efforts , some were asked to return the next day for processing.
너무 많은 사람이 브라질 비자를 받아야 했기 때문에 영사관측 노력에도 불구하고 일부는 다음날 다시 와야 했다.

so if you are planning a trip to italy , do not forget to visit the awesome colosseum !.
이탈리아로의 여행을 계획하고 있다면 이 멋진 콜로세움을 방문하는 것을 잊지 말아요 !.

so his archenemy kidnaps catherine , vincent's one true love.
그래서 그의 대적은 빈센트의 단 하나의 진실한 사랑인 캐더린을 납치했다.

so these two disenchanted suburbanites find romance in each other.
커져가는 환멸은 농담 , 저항 , 인기 있는 소문 등에 불을 붙였고 , 이 모든 것들은 국민들이 좋아하는 신기술 , 휴대전화 문자메시지를 통해 전국으로 급속히 퍼져나갔다.

so that's the plan , do you dig ?.
그러니까 계획은 그래. 알아들었어 ?.

so there's two kinds of blockheads actually , two kinds of unsuccessful males , there's the males that never give intense displays , they just kind of do not have it.
실제로 두 종류의 낙오한 새들이 있습니다. 강한 행동을 보이지 못하는 수컷새들이 있는데요 , 그 새들은 그럴 능력이 없는 것이지요.

so instead of getting traditional therapy , she sought solace in cyberspace.
그래서 그녀는 병원을 찾는 대신 사이버 공간을 통해 위안을 얻으려고 했습니다.

so far , no olympian has officially pulled out , but there are a handful of athletes said to be wavering.
아직까지는 공식적으로 올림픽경기 출전을 포기한 선수는 없지만 , 소수의 선수들은 (참가 여부를 두고) 고심하고 있다고 합니다.

so far , laos has reported no human deaths from the virus , even though in 2004 , there was a modest outbreak among poultry.
라오스는 2004년에 가금류에서 조류독감이 발생했지만 인명피해 사례는 아직 없습니다.

so far , ms. dean has only recorded one album , last june's lt ; summer timegt ;, which was a critical and financial disappointment.
지금까지 딘 씨는 지난 6월에 서머 타임이라는 단 한 개의 앨범만 내놓았는데 , 이 앨범은 비평가들의 관점도 그렇지만 금전적인 면에서도 큰 실망을 안겨주 었습니다.

so far , hawking received countless awards and honorary degrees.
지금까지 , 호킹은 수 많은 상과 명예 박사 학위를 수여 받았어요.

so yes , this version of astro boy will be an origins tale , and adhere faithfully to tezuka's original storyline.
그러니까 , 아톰의 이 버전은 " 원래 " 이야기가 될 것이고 테츠카의 원래 줄거리에 성실히 충실을 기한 것입니다.

so therefore first i need to calculate the relative molecular mass of succinic acid.
그러므로 , 나는 숙신산의 상대적 분자량(몰(mole)당 분자량)을 측정해야 한다.

so obviously you have no fear of dying.
본인께서는 당연히 죽음을 두려워하지 않겠군요.

anything but the high-strung opera diva you might expect.
예상과는 달리 그녀에게서는 아주 예민한 프리마돈나의 모습은 찾아볼 수 없습니다.

anything that can work mischief to people should be forbidden.
사람들에게 해악을 끼지는 것은 무엇이든 금지되어야 한다.

anything less then the death penalty is an insult to the victim and society.
사형 이하의 처벌은 피해자와 사회에 대한 모욕이다.

anything else , sir ? we have very nice tollhouse cookies today.
그 밖에 다른 것은 안 사세요 ? 오늘은 맛있는 톨하우스쿠키가 있습니다.

to do so would be to gain the displeasure of others.
그렇게 하면 남들의 미움만 살 뿐이다.

to a large extent that is sensible.
그것은 상당이 일리가 있다.

to your recollection what would be the highest in ball park figures ?.
기억에 따라 어느 것이 예상치 중 최고 입니까 ?.

to help curb population growth , the chinese government has imposed family planning restrictions.
인구 증가를 억제하기 위해 중국 정부는 산아 제한 조치를 취했습니다.

to me , the structure of each written character is beautiful and balanced.
내게는 쓰여진 각각의 글자 구조가 아름답고 균형을 이루는 것 같아.

to me , skiing is the most dangerous sport.
나에겐 스키는 가장 위험한 운동이야.

to get a foot on the bottom rung of the career ladder.
직업세계 사다리의 맨 아래 칸에 발을 디디다.

to be a man is a constitutive element of being ordained priest.
기억은 정체성을 구성하는 요소이다.

to be a monk , they took vows of celibacy , poverty and obedience.
수도사가 되기 위해 그들은 육체의 순결과 가난 , 복종을 서약했다.

to be in purdah.
퍼다 속에서 살다.

to be free from the taint of corruption.
부패의 오명에서 자유롭다.

to be eligible for the award , nominees must have contributed over 500 hours of community service.
수상 후보에 오르기 위해서는 지역 사회를 위해 500시간 이상 봉사 활동을 해야 한다.

to be honest , the two are like oil and vinegar.
솔직히 그 두 명은 서로 안 어울려.

to be honest , we have our doubts about the ability of your company to handle a project of this size and complexity.
솔직히 말해 우리는 당신 회사가 이만큼 크고 복잡한 프로젝트를 수행할 능력이 있는지 의심스럽다.

to be shaking/trembling/speechless with rage.
격노하여 (몸을) 떨고 있다/떨고 있다/말을 못하다.

to speak to an air tropical representative , please press five.
에어 트로피컬 직원과 대화를 원하시면5번을 누르십시오.

to most koreans , the matter is morally repugnant.
대부분의 한국인에게 이 문제는 도덕적으로 혐오스러운 것이다.

to my mind to kill in war is not a whit better than to commit ordinary murder. (albert einstein).
내게 전쟁 중 살인은 일반적인 살인을 저지르는 것과 별반 다를 바 없다. (알버트 아인슈타인 , 전쟁명언).

to have a dig at sb/sth.
~을 비꼬다.

to all your friends , you are delirious so consumed in all your doom.
친구들에게 넌 넋이 나간 사람처럼 보일 거야 네 운명에 모든 걸 맡기니까.

to their annoyance , my family had to move out.
곤란하게도 우리는 사는 곳을 비워야만 했다.

to feel horny.
흥분을 느끼다.

to please rome's citizens , vespasian built a new amphitheater to replace the one damaged in a fire while nero was in power.
로마 시민들을 달래기 위해서 , 베스파시언은 네로 통치 시절에 화재로 타없어진 원형 극장을 새로 짓기로 했다.

to make a remarkable/quick/speedy/slow , etc. recovery.
놀라운/빠른/신속한/더딘 회복을 보이다 등.

to make things worse your love handles are starting to dangle.
거기에 뱃살까지 늘어나고 있다.

to save his life , doctors amputated his legs.
괴저가 시작되어 그는 다리를 절단해야 했다.

to give a categorical assurance.
단정적으로 장담하다.

to say i was cheesed off to be there would be putting it mildly.
내가 그곳에 있으면서 신경질이 났다라고 말한다면 그나마 부드럽게 말한거야.

to take a snort of cocaine.
코카인을 코로 한 번 흡입하다.

to achieve this we propose a new parliamentary standing committee on bioethics.
이것을 이루기 위해서 우리는 생명윤리를 다룰 국회 상임위원회를 만들것을 제안했다.

to keep your computer in top shape , you need to run regular checks and diagnostics.
컴퓨터를 최적의 상태로 유지하기 위해서는 주기적으로 점검해야 한다.

to keep indefinitely , cover with a film of olive oil.
영구적으로 보관하려면 , 올리브오일막으로 덮어라.

to use the microwave for bread rising , place the bowl in the microwave.
전자렌지를 사용해서 빵을 부풀게 하고 싶으시면 그릇에 담아서 넣으세요.

to try to establish a kind of contact.
일종의 교감을 이루려고 하는 것이죠.

to add the computers for security translation to active directory , click add.
보안 변환에 대한 컴퓨터를 active directory에 추가하려면 를 클릭하십시오.

to add tables to the publication , choose the publication in the create and manager publications dialog box , and then click properties subscriptions.
게시에 테이블을 추가하려면 게시 만들기 및 관리 대화 상자에서 게시를 선택한 다음 속성 및 구독을 클릭하십시오.

to cast accounts , you may need a calculator.
계산을 하기 위해서는 아마도 계산기가 필요할 것이다.

to hold sb up to ridicule.
~를 조롱거리로 삼다.

to simply abandon the support for lpg would jeopardize this investment.
단순히 lpg 지원을 포기하는것은 이번 투자를 위태롭게 만들 것이다.

to whom was this memorandum issued ?.
이 공문은 누구에게 송부된 것인가 ?.

to whom shall i send this letter ?.
이 편지를 어디로 보내면 되나요 ?.

to win , you should butt your way through competitors.
이기기 위해서 , 경쟁자들을 밀치고 나아가야 한다.

to win at the race , she burned the breeze.
그 경기에서 이기기 위해 그녀는 전속력으로 달렸다.

to win the war , they had to pay dearly.
그들은 전쟁에서 승리하기 위해 막대한 희생을 치러야 했다.

to apply your changes or close this property sheet , close all secondary windows.
변경 내용을 적용하거나 이 속성 시트를 닫으려면 모든 보조 창을 닫으십시오.

to us , hanging upside down might seem like fun for a few minutes , but real torture for hours on end.
우리 인간들도 재미 삼아 몇 분간 거꾸로 매달려 있을 수는 있지만 몇 시간 동안 계속 그런 자세로 있으려면 정말 고문이겠죠.

to play bingo.
빙고 게임을 하다.

to avoid damaging the printer , never remove an clog-free ink before it is aligned with the opening slot.
프린터가 손상되지 않게 하려면 뭉침 방지 잉크가 카트리지 함에 제대로 끼워져 있을 때까지 카트리지를 절대로 빼지 마시오.

to avoid disruption and minimize inconvenience , the repairs will be made over the weekend.
혼란을 막고 불편을 최소화하기 위해 주말에 수리를 할 것이다.

to avoid dependency on oil-based plastics , some scientists have even genetically engineered plants that produce plastic within their stems !.
석유로 만들어지는 플라스틱에의 의존도를 피하기 위하여 몇몇 과학자들은 유전적으로 조작하여 줄기 안에서 플라스틱을 생산하는 식물을 생산하기에 이 르렀다.

to ensure against disruptions in the event of a power outage , we had a backup generator installed.
정전시 혼란을 막기 위해 우리는 예비 발전기를 설치했다.

to prepare a contract in duplicate.
계약서를 2 통을 준비하다.

to write / publish / read a novel.
소설을 쓰다/출간하다/읽다.

to replace the heating element , disconnect the power source and remove the four large bolts that connect it to the tank at the element's base.
발열체를 교체하려면 , 전원을 차단하고 발열체의 밑면에서 탱크와 발열체를 연결시켜 주는 네 개의 커다란 볼트를 제거해라.

to carry the torch for our profit , we should prepare for it.
이익을 위해서 운동을 일으키려면 준비를 해야 한다.

to celebrate her dedication , we will be having a surprise dinner for lupe on saturday , october 8 at tom's steakhouse downtown.
그녀가 그 동안 회사에 헌신했던 것을 기리기 위해 , 10월 8일 토요일에 시내에 있는 톰스 스테이크하우스에서 루페를 위한 깜짝 만찬을 가질 것입니다.

to relieve this situation , british and indian leaders formed two countries : india and pakistan.
이 상황에서 벗어나기 위해 , 인도와 영국의 지도자들은 인도와 파키스탄의 두 나라를 만들었다.

to serve , split a piece of cornbread in half.
상에 내려면 옥수수 빵 조각을 반으로 잘라라.

to serve , pour into hollowed-out pumpkin shell decorated to look like a spooky jack-o'-lantern.
그 주황색 불빛은 차츰 (가까워지면서) 네 개의 등불 모습으로 바뀌었다.

to serve them french cuisine is like casting one's pearls before swine.
그들에게 프랑스 요리를 대접한다는 것은 돼지에게 진주를 던지는 격이다.

to assist with debugging , you can record the packets sent and received by the dns server to a log file. debug logging is disabled by default.
디버깅할 때 도움이 되도록 dns 서버에서 보내고 받은 패킷을 로그 파일에 기록할 수 있습니다. 디버그 로깅은 기본값으로 사용하지 않습니다.

to labour under a misapprehension/delusion , etc.
오해를 하다/망상에 사로잡혀 있다 등.

to overcome temptation , one must have self discipline and a very strong will.
유혹을 이겨내려면 , 자기수양과 매우 강한 의지가 있어야만 한다.

to maintain the audience's attention throughout a six-reel film , an actor needed to move beyond constant slapstick.
6릴 길이의 영화를 상영하는 동안 관객의 관심을 유지하기 위해서 , 배우들은 지속적인 희극적인 몸짓 이상으로 움직일 필요가 있었어요.

to obtain citizenship , you need to have lived in this country for more than two years.
시민권을 취득하려면 이 나라에 2년 이상 거주해야 한다.

to configure the new trust , click next.
새 트러스트를 구성하려면 을 누르십시오.

to revise is to evolve , and evolution is transformation.
교정 한다는것은 진화 한다는것 , 그리고 진화는 변형이다.

to quote the tribune , this tangled web has several american cultural institutions under the gun.
시카코 트리뷴 기사를 인용하면 , 이 얼키고 설킨 거미줄은 미국의 여러 문화시설 , 박물관들에 커다란 부담이 되고 있습니다.

to install a network adapter , go to the adapters page of the network control panel applet and click the add button.
네트워크 어댑터를 설치하려면 네트워크 제어판 애플릿의 어댑터 탭으로 가서 추가 단추를 클릭하십시오.

to coin a phrase , this novel is innovative.
새로운 표현을 쓴다면 , 이 소설은 혁신적이다.

to salute the flag / an officer.
국기에 대해/장교에게 경례하다.

to cheat is a low blow.
시험 부정행위는 야비한 짓이다.

to refute an argument/a theory , etc.
주장/이론 등을 논박하다.

to ensure/provide/maintain continuity of fuel supplies.
지속적인 연료 공급을 보장하다/지속적으로 연료를 제공하다/지속적인 연료 공급을 유지하다.

to stimulate sales , the manufacturer offered a fifty dollar rebate on food processors.
판매 촉진을 위해 제조 업체에서는 새로 나온 푸드 프로세서 구입시 50달러를 할인해 줬다.

to collate data/information/figures.
자료/정보/수치들을 수집하여 분석하다.

to snort cocaine.
코카인을 코로 흡입하다.

to skew the object vertically , drag the left or right handle.
개체를 수직으로 기울이려면 왼쪽 또는 오른쪽 핸들을 마우스로 끄십시오.

to unmold , dip to rim in warm water and let it slide out.
틀에서 꺼내기 위해서 , 테두리를 따뜻한 물에 넣고 밀어내세요.

to cast/raise your eyes heavenward.
(짜증스럽다는 듯) 눈을 들어 딴 데를 보다.

to gird up my loins on this math test , i will study over night.
이번 수학 시험에 대비하기 위해 , 나는 새벽까지 공부를 할 것이다.

to profess and to practice are very different things.
말로 하는 것과 실천에 옮긴다는 것은 전혀 별개의 것이다.

to impose/place a restriction on sth.
~에 대해 제한 명령을 내리다.

to stave off hunger.
배고픔을 피하다.

to draw/sheathe a sword.
칼을 뽑다/칼집에 넣다.

to go/fall into a trance.
가수 상태가 되다.

to button/unbutton your buttons.
단추를 잠그다/풀다.

help.
돕다.

help us celebrate the grand opening of our 100th store !.
100번째 개점을 함께 축하해 주십시오 !.

me , too. i do not think he cared whether we understood it or not.
나도 그래요. 연사는 우리가 이해를 하는지에 대해서는 관심이 없는 것 같더라구요.

me , too. or so do i. or so am i. or same here. or ditto.
나도.

get a life !.
넌 할 일도 없냐 !.

up until two years ago , it was thought that there might be large deposits of titanium and platinum on the ocean floor at these depths , but this theory has largely been discredited.
2년 전까지만 해도 , 이만한 깊이의 해저에는 티타늄과 플래티늄이 많이 매장되어 있을 것이라고 생각되었습니다. 그렇지만 이 이론은 대체.

up until two years ago , it was thought that there might be large deposits of titanium and platinum on the ocean floor at these depths , but this theory has largely been discredited.
로 불신되어 왔습니다.

up ahead , a figure appeared , quietly motioning him to stop his men from advancing.
앞에 어떤 형상이 나타나더니 조용히 그에게 부하들이 앞으로 나아가는 것을 막으라는 손짓을 했다.

every summer , we spend two weeks on a dude ranch in wyoming.
해마다 여름이면 우리는 와이오밍에 있는 관광 목장에서 2주를 보낸다.

every winter he has a problem with dandruff in his hair.
겨울마다 그는 머리의 비듬 때문에 고민한다.

every moment is precious. or time is money.
일각이 천금.

every year , thousands of shopping carts are stolen from businesses all around the nation , costing retailers millions of dollars.
매년 전국적으로 여러 유통업체에서 수천 개의 쇼핑카트들이 도난당하고 있어서 소매업자들에게 수백만 달러의 손실을 주고 있다.

every year the army and navy hold maneuver for practice.
해마다 육군과 해군은 기동 작전 훈련을 한다.

every year the army and navy train fine maneuver for practice.
해마다 육군과 해군은 기동작전훈련을 엄격히 한다.

every sunday morning the kids do kumon maths.
매주 일요일 아침 아이들은 구몬수학을 한다.

every month , ten car magazines land in the mailbox.
매달 그들의 집에는 10종류의 자동차 관련 잡지가 배달된다.

every movement of the scythe brings thousands of souls to hell.
큰 낫을 매번 움직일 때마다 수천 명의 영혼을 지옥으로 데려간다.

every tom , dick , and harry travels abroad these days.
요즘은 어중이떠중이 다 해외여행을 간다.

every woman does her own cooking.
여자치고 자기 밥을 짓지 않는 사람은 없다.

every minute we laugh is the same as forty-five minutes of relaxation.
우리가 웃는 매 분은 45분의 휴식과 같습니다.

every eye was bent on him.
모든 사람의 시선이 그에게 쏠렸다.

every 2 minutes another busload arrives.
2분마다 승객을 가득 태운 버스가 도착한다.

every secondary school in the capital was issued an order to come up with measures to deal with the levity.
수도의 모든 중등학교들은 경거망동을 다룰 조치를 고안하라는 명령을 받았습니다.

every album has special meaning to me.
제겐 어느 앨범이나 다 특별한 의미가 있죠.

every miller draws water to his own mill.
속담 제 논에 물대기.

every nerve in my body began to pulse and throb.
내 몸의 모든 신경이 고동치고 울리기 시작했다.

every bullet has its billet.
모두 자기 팔자소관이다.

every bullet has its billet.
모든 총알은 자기 자리를 가지고 있다. (서양속담 , 원수속담).

every utensil must be scrupulously clean , then scalded , including pans.
그녀는 언제나 빈틈없이 공정을 기해 왔다.

every contestant must participate in a marathon , mountain biking and even water skiing to show that he has what it takes to be the best man.
모든 참가자들은 반드시 마라톤 , 등산 , 워터 스키에 참가해야 하고 , 최고의 남자라는 것을 보여야 한다.잘 한 사람이 최고의 남성으로 뽑힌다.

every participant in line was wearing a wristband and t-shirt , certifying participation in the event.
줄을 선 모든 참가자들은 행사 참가를 증명하는 밴드와 티셔츠를 입었다.

how do i sign up for your milage program ?.
마일리지 프로그램은 어떻게 신청합니까 ?.

how do you like your new apartment ?.
당신 새 아파트는 어떻습니까 ?.

how do you like your pizza ? with pepperoni ? veggie style ? or maybe with just plain cheese ?.
여러분은 어떤 피자를 좋아해요 ? 페퍼로니 피자 ? 야채 피자 ? 아니면 담백한 치즈피자 ?.

how do you suggest we divide the work ?.
일을 어떻게 분담하면 좋을까요 ?.

how do you feel now ?.
지금 기분 어때 ?.

how come you never visit your mother anymore ?.
앞으로는 엄마를 찾아가지 않겠다니 어쩐 일이야 ?.

how would you like to have a 5-second commute to work each day ?.
매일 5초 만에 출퇴근하고 싶으세요 ?.

how to live longer is a topic that has fascinated mankind for centuries.
어떻게 하면 오래 살 수 있을까 라는 것은 수세기 동안 인류를 사로잡은 주제입니다.

how to prepare for a workshop.
워크샵을 준비하는 방법에 대해.

how to transform the local top engineers to the global top engineers.
세계최고 수준의 전문가 양성을 위한 한국건설산업의 선택.

how often do you use hairspray ?.
너는 헤어스프레이를 얼마나 자주 사용하니 ?.

how often are the dodgers on tv in europe ?.
유럽에서 tv로 다저스 경기를 몇 번이나 보겠어 ?.

how often does your company do employee evaluations ?.
당신 회사는 직원평가를 얼마나 자주 실시합니까 ?.

how will cfc bans affect energy use -an evaluation of long-term impact and the development of alternative technologies-.
cfc 냉매 사용금지가 에너지 이용에 미치는 영향-장기적 영향에 대한 평가와 대체 기술의 개발-.

how much do i owe you then ?.
얼마를 내야 하나요 ?.

how much do i owe on it ?.
얼마를 내야 하지요 ?.

how much do men share housework and the care of the children ?.
남자들이 집안일과 자녀 돌보기를 어느 정도 나눠 하는가 ?.

how much is a box of cucumbers ?.
오이 한상자에 얼마에요 ?.

how much is the sales tax here ?.
여기 영업세가 얼마예요 ?.

how much is your telephone bill a month ?.
당신은 한 달 전화료가 얼마나 됩니까 ?.

how much are your monthly payments ?.
월간 지불액이 얼마죠 ?.

how much does your dorm cost per semester ?.
기숙사는 한 학기에 비용이 얼마나 드니 ?.

how much does it cost to run classified ad in your newspaper ?.
귀사의 신문에 항목별 광고를 게재하려면 비용이 얼마나 듭니까 ?.

how much time do you need to find a wedding dress ?.
웨딩 드레스 고르는데 시간이 얼마나 필요한데요 ?.

how much longer do we have to put up with these despicable human beings leeching off our country.
우리 나라에 기생하는 이 비열한 인간들을 얼마나 우리가 더 견뎌야 하나 ?.

how much experience does mike dresser have in the industry ?.
마이크 드레서 씨는 이 쪽 업계에 경력이 몇 년인가 ?.

how much vacation time is susanna allowed this year ?.
수잔나가 올해 얻을 수 있는 휴가 기간은 ?.

how much severance pay will workers receive ?.
근로자들은 퇴직금을 얼마나 받게 되는가 ?.

how about the new star wars movie ?.
신 스타워즈는어때요 ?.

how about something a little more strenuous , like grand mountain ?.
그랜드 산처럼 좀더 힘든 곳은 어때 ?.

how about going to the grand canyon first , and then to la. ?.
먼저 그랜드 캐년으로 가고 다음에 la로 가는 게 어때 ?.

how about getting something to eat at that new indian place on carter street ?.
카터 가에 새로 생긴 인도 식당에 가서 뭘 좀 먹지 않을래요 ?.

how about termites with chocolate sauce or stink bug pizza ?.
초콜릿 소스에 찍어먹는 흰개미나 방귀벌레 피자는 어떠십니까 ?.

how on earth was this organisation cobbled together ?.
이 조직은 도대체 얼마나 대충 만들어진 겁니까 ?.

how can i donate to the foundation ?.
재단에 기부하려면 어떻게 해야 하나요 ?.

how can you walk around like such a slob with stains all over your clothes ?.
칠칠맞지 못하게 옷에다 뭘 그렇게 묻히고 다니냐 ?.

how can you countenance such rude behavior in a young child !.
어린아이의 그런 무례한 행동을 어떻게 가만히 놔두는가 !.

how can we encourage our distributors to give us more feedback on the new brokerage fee policy ?.
어떻게 하면 판매 대리점들이 새로운 중개 수수료 정책에 대해서 우리에게 보다 많은 의견을 제공하도록 고무할 수 있을까요 ?.

how could you break sanctuary like that ?.
어떻게 그런 식으로 성역을 침범할 수가 있니 ?.

how many nights will you be staying with us ?.
이곳에 며칠간 묵으실 건가요 ?.

how many positions are offered annually ?.
매년 몇 명을 선발하는가 ?.

how many doctors do you currently have on staff ?.
현재 몇 명의 의사를 두고 계세요 ?.

how many printers are being used solely by the graphics department ?.
그래픽 부서에서만 쓰는 프린터가 몇 대죠 ?.

how many offices does diversified bank operate ?.
다이버시파이드 은행은 몇 개의 지점들을 운영하고 있는가 ?.

how many legs does a centipede have ?.
지네는 다리가 몇 개이지 ?.

how many shares do you intend to sell ?.
주식을 얼마나 파실 생각이죠 ?.

how dare you put my pot on.
어떻게 감히 네가 날 고자질 하니.

how did you live in bonds like that ?.
어떻게 그렇게 감금되어 살았니 ?.

how did you become associated with unicef ?.
유니세프와는 어떻게 인연을 맺게 됐습니까 ?.

how did you survive your ordeal ?.
어떻게 그 어려운 고비를 견뎌내셨어요 ?.

how did they do the makeup for that kind of wound ?.
저렇게 상처입은 분장은 어떻게 했을까 ?.

how long do you think it'll take to unload all the boxes ?.
상자들을 다 내리려면 얼마나 걸릴 것 같습니까 ?.

how long is the stopover in detroit ?.
비행기가 디트로이트에서 얼마나 머무나요 ?.

how long does the man say his presentation will last ?.
남자는 자신의 프레젠테이션이 얼마나 걸릴 것이라고 하는가 ?.

how long to the london terminus ?.
런던 기착지까지 얼마나 걸리죠 ?.

how long will you keep my resume on file ?.
제 이력서는 얼마동안 파일에 보관하시나요 ?.

how long can you possibly lead a double life ?.
이중생활을 얼마동안 할 수 있을 것 같니 ?.

how long were you in london ?.
런던에서 얼마동안 계셨습니까 ?.

how use doth breed a habit in a man ! (william shakespeare).
인간이란 습관들이기 나름인가보다 ! (윌리엄 셰익스피어 , 습관명언).

how : first , you will complete a brief questionnaire and have your vitals and iron level taken.
방법 : 먼저 간단한 설문지를 작성하시고 주요 신체기관 및 철분 수준을 체크 받으세요.

how soon would you be able to start work ?.
언제부터 일 시작할 수 있겠어요 ?.

how cute ! how old is it ?.
귀여워라 ! 몇 살이니 ?.

how far along are you on the dremel project ?.
드레멜 계획안이 얼마나 더 걸리겠어요 ?.

how comfortable are you with using spreadsheets ?.
스프레드시트를 능숙하게 사용하세요 ?.

how smart is a starfish ?.
불가사리는 얼마나 영리할까 ?.

how inconsiderate you are ! or how unkind of you !.
너는 정말 야멸치구나 !.

how sweetly the bird is singing !.
그 얼마나 아름다운 소리로 저 새는 지저귀고 있는가 !.

how vexatious !.
참 약오른다 !.

often , a difficult teenager is harder to deal with than younger children.
때때로 , 까다로운 10대들이 어린이들보다 다루기 힘들다.

often , a narrowing of the esophagus (esophageal stricture) leads to difficulty swallowing (dysphagia).
종종 식도의 좁아짐현상(식도 협착)은 삼키는것을 어렵게 만든다(연하 곤란).

often , the weather , extremely warm or cold spells , hinder our motivation.
종종 , 한동안의 극도로 덥거나 추운 날씨는 우리의 행동의 동기부여를 방해한다.

she is a mean person who bully others into doing bad things.
그녀는 남을 위협하여 나쁜 일들을 하게 하는 못된 사람이다.

she is a very capable counsellor and her.
그녀는 상담전문가를 매우 잘할수 있는 그녀다.

she is a great success as a singer.
그 여자는 가수로 대성공을 거두었어요.

she is a great comfort to her parents.
그녀는 부모님에게 큰 위로가 된다.

she is a famous scientist (who is) living in korea.
그녀는 한국에 살고 있는 유명한 과학자이다.

she is a political activist who works on anti-nuclear campaigning.
그녀는 반핵 캠페인을 추진하고 있는 정치활동가이다.

she is a woman of singular beauty and intelligence.
그녀는 뛰어난 미모와 지성을 겸비한 여자이다.

she is a singer who entertains at a local nightclub.
그녀는 지방 나이트클럽에서 일하는 가수이다.

she is a person of culture and refinement.
그녀는 교양있고 세련된 사람이다.

she is a master of archery.
그녀는 양궁의 명수다.

she is a lady pure as driven snow.
그녀는 품행이 방정한 숙녀다.

she is a nagging wife.
그 여자는 바가지를 잘 긁는 아내다.

she is a well-known antiestablishment writer.
그녀는 유명한 반체제 작가다.

she is a comfort to her parents in their old age.
그녀는 노부모에게 위안이 된다.

she is a widow without encumbrance.
그녀는 아이 없는 과부이다.

she is a biological parent of the child.
그녀는 그 아이의 친부모이다.

she is a sober and intelligent student.
그녀는 침착하고 지적인 학생이다.

she is a bigmouth.
그녀는 입이 가볍다.

she is a chatterbox.
그녀는 수다쟁이다.

she is a disciple of the chicago school of economics.
그 여자는 시카고 경제학파에 속한다.

she is a disciple of the lord jesus christ before she is the mayor.
그녀는 시장이 되기 전부터 주 예수 그리스도의 제자였다.

she is a pugnacious woman.
그녀는 싸우기 좋아하는 여자이다.

she is in a delicate condition.
그녀는 임신 중이다.

she is in the know about how to operate the mixer.
그 여자는 믹서기를 작동하는 법을 잘 알아.

she is in the midst of enjoying her life as a newlywed.
그녀는 신혼의 단꿈에 젖어 있다.

she is not a patch on you for painting.
그림에 관한 한 그녀는 너와 비교가 안 된다.

she is not yet awakened from the illusion.
그녀는 아직도 환상에서 깨어나지 못하고 있다.

she is driving to work.
그녀는 일하러 가기 위해 운전중 입니다.

she is usually obedient and quiet.
그녀는 평소 다소곳하다.

she is at the height of her career in law.
그녀는 법조계의 정상에 있다.

she is the main protagonist of change in our department.
그녀는 우리 부서에서 변화의 주역이다.

she is the head of the amphibian house at the zoo.
그녀는 동물원에서 양서류관의 책임자이다.

she is the woman lately of ms.
그녀는 최근까지 ms에서 근무하였던 여자다.

she is the global watchdog for human rights abuses.
그녀는 인권유린에 대해 국제적인 감시자이다.

she is the duchess of kent.
그녀는 켄트 공작부인이다.

she is my teammate.
그녀는 나의 동료야.

she is going to get a little nip and tuck.
그녀는 작은 얼굴 성형 수술(nip and tuck)을 받을 예정이다.

she is looking at herself in the mirror.
여자가 거울을 보고 있다.

she is an up and coming young dentist.
그녀는 진도 유망한 치과의사이다.

she is an expert archer.
그녀는 양궁의 명수다.

she is an artist whose media are paintings and sculpture.
그녀는 회화와 조각을 전달 매체로 하는 예술가다.

she is an amiable girl and keeps in with everyone.
그녀는 호감을 주는 소녀이며 누구와도 사이좋게 지낸다.

she is an honour to the profession.
그 분은 이 직업에 명예가 되는 분이다.

she is busy with her housework.
그녀는 가사에 쫓기고 있다.

she is living life here in las vegas , performing five nights a week.
그녀는 이곳 라스베이거스에 살면서 일주일에 다섯차례 공연을 합니다.

she is studying the dawn of civilization in ancient egypt.
그 여자는 고대 이집트 문명의 기원을 공부하고 있다.

she is saving her ass on a pulmotor.
그녀는 인공호흡기에 의지해 생명을 유지하고 있다.

she is yet unmarried. or she still remains single.
그녀는 아직 미스다.

she is using the staple remover.
그녀는 스테이플러 제거기를 사용하고 있다.

she is sitting on the fire hydrant.
여자가 소화전 위에 앉아 있다.

she is lying in her bed. she looks sick.
그녀는 침대에 누워 있는데 아파 보여요.

she is laying on a recliner.
그녀는 뒤로 젖히는 의자 위에 물건을 올려 놓는다.

she is finally on her own hook.
마침내 그녀는 독립했다.

she is beyond the veil now.
이제 그녀는 저승에 있다.

she is comfortable with the idea of moving to a large city.
그녀는 대도시로 이사가는 것이 만족스럽다.

she is built like a washtub.
그 여자는 절구통이다.

she is making some childish expressions.
그녀는 어리광을 부리는 듯한 표정을 짓습니다.

she is appealing to many men because of her image of purity and innocence.
그녀는 청순한 이미지로 많은 남성들에게 어필하고 있다.

she is appealing to many men because of her image of purity and innocence.
" 정말 도와줄 거예요 ?" 그가 호소하는 눈빛으로 말했다.

she is deeply attached to him.
그녀는 그를 깊이 사모하고 있다.

she is bilingual in english and punjabi.
그녀는 영어와 펀잡어 두 개 언어를 한다.

she is wearing a circlet of roses around her head.
그녀는 이마에 장미꽃 장식 고리를 하고 있다.

she is earning her living by needlework.
그녀는 바느질 품을 팔고 있다.

she is renowned for her piety.
그녀는 돈독한 신앙심으로 유명하다.

she is sixteen but has a mental age of five.
그녀는 나이가 16세이지만 정신 연령은 5세이다.

she is richly experienced in this area.
그녀는 이 방면에 경험이 풍부하다.

she is stalking mike who has spurned her.
그녀는 그녀를 차버린 마이크를 계속 스토킹한단 말이야.

she is deficient in common sense.
그녀는 상식이 부족하다.

she is unimaginative. or she has little imagination. or she lacks imagination.
그 여자는 상상력이 부족하다.

she now is married to nightclub owner rande gerber.
그녀는 지금 나이트클럽 사장인 rande gerber 결혼한다.

she now lies at rest in the churchyard.
그 분은 이제 영면에 들어 교회 묘지에 누워 계신다.

she took a deep breath to calm her anger.
그녀는 분을 삭이기 위해 심호흡을 했다.

she took a dainty little bite of the apple.
그녀가 사과를 얌전히 한 입 베어 먹었다.

she took a rose-colored view about the matter.
그는 그 문제에 관해 낙관적인 입장을 취했다.

she does a lot of work for charity.
그녀는 많은 자선 활동을 하였다.

she does not want customers to see the untidiness.
지저분한 모습을 고객들에게 노출시키고 싶지 않아서.

she does not care a snap for it.
그녀는 그 일에 전혀 신경 안 써.

she does not strip off her suit when she's buying milk at the store ; she does it onstage.
그녀는 상점에서 우유를 사는 동안 그녀의 정장을 벗지 않는다. 그녀는 연기하고 있는 중이다.

she does her marking in the evenings.
그녀는 저녁 시간에 (학생들이 낸) 과제물 검사를 한다.

she will help you in every way humanly possible.
그녀는 인간으로서 가능한 모든 방법으로 너를 도와줄 것이다.

she will stop arguing , because his speech carries conviction.
그의 연설이 설득력 있기 때문에 그녀는 논쟁을 그만둘 것이다.

she will undoubtedly die if she does not receive treatment.
치료를 받지 못하면 그녀는 틀림없이 죽을 것이다.

she will probably get custody of the children.
그녀가 아이들 양육권을 갖게 될 거예요.

she will persuade him. he's like putty in her hands.
그녀는 그를 설득할 것이다. 그는 그녀가 마음대로 주무를 수 있으니까.

she always went to chapel on sundays.
그녀는 일요일이면 늘 교회에 갔다.

she always wears her negligee at home.
그녀는 항상 집에서 네글리제를 입고있다.

she always prepares appetizing foods.
그녀는 요리를 맛깔스럽게 한다.

she always covets what she does not have.
그녀는 항상 자신이 가지지 못한 것을 탐내.

she always comports herself with great dignity.
그녀는 항상 대단히 위엄 있게 행동한다.

she always succeeds as she has her wits about her.
그녀는 빈틈이 없기 때문에 항상 성공한다.

she have done voluntary service that helping live alone the old under hand.
그녀는 비밀리에 독거노인을 돕는 봉사활동을 해왔다.

she works as a hostess for klm.
그 여자는 네덜란드 항공의 승무원으로 일한다.

she works seven days a week ; she is a driven woman.
그녀는 일주일 내내 일한다. 그녀는 강박증에 쫓겨 사는 여자이다.

she can fix that motor easily.
그녀는 그 자동차를 쉽게 고칠 수 있다.

she thinks her son is a budding genius on the piano.
그녀는 자신의 아들이 갓 알려지기 시작한 피아노의 신동이라고 생각한다.

she got a blow in his assertion.
그녀는 그의 주장을 반박했다.

she got away scot-free because of lack of evidence.
그녀는 증거 불충분으로 처벌을 면했다.

she got up early , as was her wont.
그녀는 습관대로 일찍 일어났다.

she got on to a his curves , accepted the offer courteously.
그녀는 그의 속내를 알아채고 제안을 정중히 받아들였다.

she got canned because she give out the company classified information.
그 여자는 회사 기밀 정보를 발설해서 회사에서 쫓겨났다.

she lost her balance and tumbled over.
그녀는 중심을 잃고 넘어졌다.

she lost important document that about food under survey.
그녀는 조사중인 음식에 관한 중요한 서류를 잃어버렸다.

she could not eat because of her broken jaw.
턱을 다쳐서 , 그녀는 먹을 수가 없었다.

she could not even swat a fly circling around her face.
그녀는 심지어 그녀 얼굴주위를 날아다리는 파리조차도 잡지 못했다.

she could not move in fear and trembling.
그녀는 무서워 떨면서 움직일 수 없었다.

she could have yielded embarrassment as readily as triumph.
그녀는 성공만큼이나 쉽게 좌절할 수도 있었다.

she could make a new dish without reference to any cookery book.
그녀는 요리책에 관계없이 새로운 요리를 할 수 있다.

she accepted her mother's requests with distaste.
그녀는 마지못해 엄마의 요청을 받아 들었다.

she had a coy expression on her face.
그녀는 새침한 표정을 지었다.

she had a disruptive influence on the rest of the class.
그녀는 학급의 다른 학생들에게 지장을 주었다.

she had a brainstorm in the exam and did not answer a single question.
그녀는 시험을 치면서 갑작스런 사고 정지 상태에 빠져 단 한 문제도 답을 쓰지 못했다.

she had a diabetic reaction but is okay now.
그 여자는 당뇨병 증상이 있었지만 지금은 괜찮다.

she had the last laugh and won the prize.
그녀는 최후의 승리를 얻고 상을 탔다.

she had the ability to adapt easily to new circumstances.
그녀는 새로운 상황에 적응하는 능력이 있었다.

she had the courage to kill the cockroach.
그녀는 대담하게도 바퀴벌레를 죽였다.

she had the happiness to win the lottery.
그녀는 운 좋게도 복권에 당첨됐다.

she had the cheek to ask me to lend her some more money.
뻔뻔스럽게도 그녀는 돈을 더 꾸어 달라고 했다.

she had no idea how to operate the library's computer catalog system.
그녀는 도서관의 전산 분류 시스템을 사용하는 방법을 몰랐다.

she had no desire to see the gore of the battlefield.
피비린내나는 전장을 보고 싶은 생각이 없나 봐요.

she had her purse snatched away in the street yesterday.
그녀는 어제 길에서 들치기한테 핸드백을 낚아채였다.

she had an interview with the celebrity.
그녀는 연예인과 회견했다.

she had an unnatural smile on her face.
그녀는 부자연스럽게 웃었다.

she had just woken from a deep sleep.
그녀는 막 깊은 잠에서 깨어난 참이었다.

she had caused everyone enough trouble recently.
그 여자는 최근에 모든 사람에게 많은 문제를 야기시켰다.

she had advanced cancer in her right breast.
그녀의 오른쪽 유방은 상당히 진전된 암에 걸려 있었다.

she had sat there twiddling nervously with the clasp of her handbag.
그녀는 팔목에 팔찌를 찼다.

she had chosen the highly experienced childminder , keran henderson , on a friend's recommendation.
그녀는 한 친구의 추천으로 상당히 경력있는 보육 교사인 케런 헨더슨을 선택했다.

she had incurred the wrath of her father by marrying without his consent.
그녀는 아버지의 동의 없이 결혼을 하여 그 분의 노여움을 샀었다.

she had boned up on the city's history before the visit.
그녀는 그 도시를 방문하기 전에 그 도시의 역사를 공부했었다.

she decided to devote herself to studying.
그녀는 공부에 전념하기로 결심했다.

she heard glad tidings.
그녀는 기쁜 소식을 들었다.

she used a peeler to peel potatoes.
그녀는 감자를 벗기려고 껍질을 벗기는 기구를 사용했다.

she used to sock away some of her monthly payment to buy a new car.
그녀는 새 차를 구입하기 위해 월급의 일부를 따로 모으곤 했다.

she and i hold divergent opinions.
그 여자와 나는 서로 다른 의견을 주장했다.

she was a very classy woman.
그녀는 매우 세련된 여자다.

she was a supporter of the free market economy.
그녀는 자유 시장 경제의 지지자였다.

she was a member of the triumvirate that ordered the assassination of the president.
그녀는 대통령의 암살을 명령한 3인조 중의 한 사람이다.

she was in no trim for dancing.
그녀는 춤출 상태가 아니다.

she was in attendance at the party.
그녀는 파티에 참석했다.

she was in contemplative mood.
그녀는 사색에 잠겨 있는 모습이었다.

she was the most charming and beautiful girl i had ever met.
내가 만나 본 여성 중 그녀는 가장 매력적이고 아름다웠다.

she was the object of my envy.
그녀는 내 부러움의 대상이야.

she was the prime mover in the company's rise to international success.
그녀는 그 회사를 세계적인 기업으로 성장시킨 장본인이다.

she was the goddess of marriage and childbirth.
그녀는 출산과 결혼의 여신이었다.

she was the seventh child out of eight.
그녀는 여덟 명의 자녀 중 일곱째였다.

she was the exact opposite of other women lee had dated.
그 여자는 리가 데이트하던 여자들과는 정반대 타입이었다.

she was no longer bored to death.
그녀는 이제 무료하지 않았다.

she was so good at that game that she easily said checkmate to him.
그녀는 그것을 너무나도 잘 해서 그를 쉽게 이겼다.

she was so angry that she could hardly restrain herself.
그녀는 너무 화가 나서 자신을 억제할 수 없었다.

she was so angry that she could hardly command her temper.
그녀는 너무 화가 나서 자신의 분노를 억제할 수 없었다.

she was so angry that she started smashing all of the dishes.
그녀는 너무 화가 나서 접시들을 마구 깨기 시작했어요.

she was so angry that she scratch it.
그녀는 너무 화가 나서 지체 없이 떠났다.

she was very emphatic about the necessity of vocational education.
그녀는 직업교육의 필요성에 대해 역설했다.

she was used to her mother's histrionics.
그녀는 어머니의 과장된 태도에 익숙해 있었다.

she was listening ecstatically to the music.
그녀는 그 음악에 넋을 잃고 귀를 기울였다.

she was pretty , but her mind seems to be too tiffany-twisted.
예쁘긴 한데 , 지나치게 사치스러운 여자 같더라구.

she was known as the most skilled weaver in the world.
그 여자는 세계에서 가장 실력있는 길쌈꾼으로 알려졌었다.

she was one of my classmates in high school.
그녀는 고등학교 동창들 중 한 명이었다.

she was as busy as a bee.
그녀는 마치 벌처럼 바빴다.

she was under so much pressure at work that she cracked up.
그녀는 회사에서 하도 스트레스를 받아서 녹초가 되었다.

she was too well bred to show her disappointment.
그녀는 너무 점잖아서 실망을 드러내지 못했다.

she was too pent-up to speak.
그녀는 너무 답답해서 말이 안 나왔다.

she was honored as a saint by the pope.
그녀는 교황으로부터 성인으로 추정되었다.

she was born and raised in birmingham , alabama , during segregation in the american south.
그녀는 미국 남부에서 인종차별이 심하던 시절 , 앨라배마주 버밍햄에서 태어나 자랐습니다.

she was born into an affluent home and was accustomed to a painless life.
그녀는 부유한 집에서 태어났고 그래서 고통없는 삶에 익숙했다.

she was taken to the hospital with acute appendicitis.
그녀는 급성 맹장염으로 병원에 실려 갔다.

she was filled with a sense of foreboding.
불길한 예감이 그녀의 마음을 온통 지배하고 있었다.

she was raised a catholic , but became a buddhist at age thirty.
그녀는 카톨릭 신자로 자랐지만 , 30살에 불교 신자가 되었다.

she was cut off in her prime.
그녀는 한창때에 죽었다.

she was invited to be a member of the judging panel for the film festival.
그녀는 영화제의 심사 위원으로 위촉되었다.

she was barely able to stand.
그녀는 간신히 서 있었다.

she was extremely nimble on her feet.
그녀는 대단히 발이 빨랐다.

she was standing dangerously close to the fire.
그녀가 위험하게 불 옆에 서 있었다.

she was accused of misprision of felony.
그녀는 중죄 은닉으로 비난당했다.

she was accused of obtaining money under false pretences.
그녀는 신분을 속이고 돈을 손에 넣었다는 혐의를 받았다.

she was astounded by the news that she had won the contest.
그녀는 그 경연대회에서 자기가 1등을 했다는 소식에 깜짝 놀랐다.

she was astounded by his arrogance.
그녀는 그의 오만함에 경악했다.

she was wearing a dress that laced up at the side.
그녀는 옆 부분을 끈으로 묶게 되어 있는 드레스를 입고 있었다.

she was wearing a black velvet number.
그녀는 검정 벨벳 드레스를 입고 있었다.

she was wearing sheer clothing that revealed her underwear.
그녀는 속옷이 비치는 옷을 입고 있었다.

she was detached from the other girls in her office.
그 여자는 사무실에서 다른 여자 직원들과 거리를 두었다.

she was given a shot of morphine to relieve the pain.
그녀는 통증을 완화시키기 위해 모르핀 주사를 한 대 맞았다.

she was motivated by deep religious conviction.
그녀는 깊은 종교적 신념에서 동기를 부여받았다.

she was naive to trust even a friend with so much money.
그녀는 친구에게 그렇게 많은 돈을 위탁할 만큼 순진했다.

she was carefully disingenuous and told them only what they wanted to hear.
그녀는 용의주도하게 부정직한 사람으로 그들이 듣고 싶어하는 말만 해주었다.

she was proud of her long pedigree.
그녀는 자신의 오래된 가문을 자랑스러워했다.

she was sad cause her project turned out crabs.
그녀는 프로젝트가 실패로 끝나서 슬펐다.

she was careful in the performance of her duty.
그녀는 직무 수행에 있어 신중했다.

she was rescued from a watery grave.
그녀는 수장될 뻔하다가 구출되었다.

she was infected as a result of a hospital blunder.
그 여성은 병원 측 실수의 결과로 감염되었다.

she was silent as the grave.
그녀는 무척 말이 없었다.

she was annoyed at his rude manner.
그녀는 그의 무례한 태도에 화가 났다.

she was alleged to have committed murder.
그녀가 살인을 했다고 한다.

she was jailed after the military coup in 1973 and later lived in exile.
그녀는 1973년 군사 쿠데타 후 수감되었다가 이 후 망명 생활을 했습니다.

she was pained at his remark.
그녀는 그의 말에 감정이 상했다.

she was acclaimed as the greatest writer of her generation.
그녀는 그녀 세대의 가장 위대한 작가로 칭송받았다.

she was appalled by the abusive language that her daughter was using.
그녀는 딸의 거침없는 욕설에 질겁했다.

she was plucked from obscurity to instant stardom.
그녀는 무명에서 일약 스타덤에 올랐다.

she was crowned with success as a popular singer.
그녀는 대중가수로서 대성했다.

she was distracted by the students chasing around.
뛰어다니는 학생들 때문에 그녀는 정신이 산란했다.

she was observing the iridescent scales of the creature's head.
그녀는 그 생물체의 머리에 빛나는 비늘들을 관찰하고 있었다.

she was rosy about the gills after she recovered from the cold.
그녀는 감기로부터 회복한 후에 혈색이 좋아졌다.

she was barefooted , and , what is more , her chest was completely bared.
그녀는 맨발인 데다 가슴까지 드러내고 있었다.

she was delirious from a high fever.
그 여자는 고열로 정신이 혼미했다.

she was resentful at having been left out of the team.
그녀는 그 팀에서 제외당한 것에 분개했다.

she was heartsick over the death of her husband.
남편과 사별하여 그녀는 슬픔에 잠겼다.

she was tongue-tied for the first few minutes.
그녀는 처음 수 분 동안은 아무 말도 못했다.

she was auditioning for the role of lady macbeth.
그녀는 맥베스 부인 역에 대한 오디션을 보고 있었다.

she was overpaid on her last check.
그녀는 마지막 수표에서 보다 많은 돈을 받았었다.

she was tased repeatedly in the neck area.
그녀는 계속해서 목부근을 쐈다.

she did a moonlight flit with him.
그녀는 그와 함께 야반 도주했다.

she did not go to church because she believed in materialism.
그녀는 유물론을 신봉하기 때문에 교회에 나가지 않았다.

she did not want to cast her burden on us with her problems.
그녀는 자신의 문제로 자신의 부담을 우리에게 떠넘기는 것을 원치 않았다.

she did not want to wear a wig.
그녀는 가발을 쓰기를 원하지 않았다.

she did not prepare an acceptance speech for her life-time achievement award.
그 여자는 평생공로상 수상소감을 준비하지 않았어.

she did not heed the warning.
그녀는 경고를 무시했다.

she saw the light of a lantern in the distance.
그녀는 멀리서 랜턴 불빛을 보았다.

she saw the athens olympic games on tv.
그녀는 텔레비전에서 아테네 올림픽 게임을 보았다.

she saw her lover that was meeting with other woman in the cafe , so he got the ax.
그녀는 카페에서 다른 여자와 만나고 있는 애인을 보았고 , 그는 그녀에게 퇴짜 맞았다.

she saw him as a sort of surrogate father.
그녀는 그를 일종의 대리 아버지로 간주했다.

she said a greeting in the strange tongue.
그녀는 이상한 언어로 인사를 했다.

she said , you will never write my obituary.
그녀는 말했다 , 너는 나의 사망기사를 절대 쓰지 않을것이다.

she said she would tick him out if she caught him doing it again.
그녀는 그가 또 한 번 그렇게 하면 내쫓겠다고 했다.

she said we would be delighted to see more of canton.
우리가 틀림없이 광둥을 더 구경하고 싶어할 거라고 그녀는 말했다.

she said that the best way to avoid pregnancy was total abstinence from sex.
최선의 피임법은 철저한 금욕이라고 그녀가 말했다.

she said her suspension from school was unfair.
그녀는 자신이 부당하게 정학을 당했다고 말했다.

she wore a dress of azure.
그녀는 하늘색 드레스를 입었다.

she wore a jacket with a school badge.
그녀는 학교 배지가 달린 재킷을 입었다.

she wore a camellia in her hair.
그녀는 머리에 동백꽃을 꽂고 있었다.

she wore a shawl about her shoulders.
그녀는 어깨에 숄을 두르고 있었다.

she wore a shawl about her shoulders.
그녀는 어깨에 숄을 둘렀다.

she wore an immaculate white dress.
그녀는 순백의 드레스를 입고 있었다.

she found a company to sponsor her through college.
그녀는 자신의 대학 학비를 지원해 줄 기업을 찾았다.

she created the a division of women's studies within the department of history.
그녀는 역사학과 내에 여성학부를 신설했습니다.

she made a clumsy attempt to apologize.
그녀가 서투르게 사과를 하려는 시도를 했다.

she made a birdie at the fifth hole.
그녀는 5번 홀에서 버디를 기록했다.

she made very suggestive looks at him over dinner.
그녀는 저녁식사 내내 그에게 굉장히 도발적인 모습을 해 보였다.

she made some sarcastic comments about him.
그녀는 그에 대해 약간 비꼬듯이 말했다.

she made many visitors happy both at home and abroad , said chen qian , the zookeeper.
" 그녀는 국내외 방문객을 즐겁게 했다 ," 라고 동물원 관리자 첸씨안이 말했다.

she called zimbabwe and china " terrible situations ," but not as dire as those on the list.
그녀는 짐바브웨와 중국의 언론탄압 정도도 심하긴 하지만 , 세계최악의 언론검열 10개국 명단에 오른 나라들만큼 나쁘지 않다고 설명했습니 다.

she covered the mouthpiece with her hand because of a sudden sneezing fit.
그녀는 갑작스런 재채기 때문에 송화기를 손으로 가렸다.

she stood in the wings and waited for her cue to go on.
그녀는 무대 옆 부분에 서서 들어가라는 신호가 떨어지기를 기다렸다.

she stood up and began to disrobe , folding each garment neatly.
환자는 진찰실에서 옷을 벗었다.

she stood out with her flaxen hair and bluish green eyes.
그녀는 담황색 머리카락과 청녹색 눈 때문에 눈에 잘 띄었다.

she stood aloof from the rest of the group.
그녀는 그룹의 나머지 사람들에게서 떨어져 서 있었다.

she stood aloof from the spot.
그녀는 그곳에서 떨어져 섰다.

she cast a suspicious glance at me.
그녀는 의심스러운 눈초리로 나를 보았다.

she talks candidly with everyone.
그녀는 누구와도 허물없이 말을 주고받는다.

she says the cost of going green is considerable.
그녀는 친환경의 비용이 상당하다고 말한다.

she says the mothers most in danger are young , uneducated women who give birth at home , without the help of skilled experts.
그녀는 전문적 도움없이 가정에서 출산을 하는 , 젊고 교육받지 못한 여성들이 가장 위험한 상황이라고 말했습니다.

she says the internet is an affordable way to distribute her work to thousands of people.
그녀는 인터넷이 수천의 사람들에게 자신의 작품을 배포하는 경제적인 방법이라고 말합니다.

she says the trans-pacific flight was a tremendous achievement.
그녀는 태평양 횡단 비행이 굉장한 성과였음을 밝혔다.

she says that for now , the communist authorities fear that greater openness will reduce , and eventually end , the party's power.
그녀는 당장으로서는 집권 공산당이 개방을 확대할 경우 당의 세력을 약화시키고 , 결국은 당이 운명을 다할 것으로 두려워하고 있다고 지적합니다.

she says she's happy being a full time housewife.
전업주부로 지내는 게 만족스럽대요.

she says south koreans resent her and other sae tomin as a tax burden.
남한인들은 자신과 같은 새터민들을 세금을 낭비하게 만드는 사람들이라며 미워한다고 말합니다.

she has a very acquiescent nature.
그녀는 매우 순종하는 천성을 지녔다.

she has a lot of character ; i admire her.
그녀는 기인이어서 저는 그녀를 좋아합니다.

she has a deep mistrust of strangers.
그녀는 낯선 사람들을 깊이 불신한다.

she has a slight swing in her walk.
그녀는 약간 흔들거리면서 걷는다.

she has a talent for golf.
그녀는 골프에 소질이 있다.

she has a finger in every pie , from parties to demonstrations.
그녀는 파티부터 데모까지 어느 일이든 한몫 낀다.

she has a compulsive need to talk a lot.
그녀는 많이 말해야한다는 강박관념에 사로잡혀 있다.

she has a bias against single mothers.
그녀는 미혼모에 대한 편견이 있다.

she has a svelte figure that suits to any kind of clothing.
그녀는 날씬해서 무슨 옷을 입어도 잘 어울린다.

she has a tattoo of a dragon on her arm.
그녀는 팔에 용문신이 있다.

she has a dumpy figure.
그녀는 땅딸막한 체구이다.

she has a lisp.
그녀는 혀 짧은 소리를 낸다.

she has no blemishes on her skin.
그녀는 피부에 잡티 하나 없다.

she has to come here with a giant dustpan and brush.
그녀는 거대한 쓰레받기와 빗자루를 가지고 왔다.

she has always been an omnivorous reader.
그녀는 항상 두루 관심을 갖고 독서를 해 왔다.

she has her own style and is not influenced by the vagaries of fashion.
그녀는 자기만의 스타일이 있어서 유행의 변덕에 영향을 받지 않는다.

she has an obsession about perfect love.
그녀는 완벽한 사랑에 집착한다.

she has many ardent admirers for her beauty.
그녀에게는 그녀의 아름다움를 흠모하는 많은 추종자들이 있다.

she has been dressed in white neatly.
그녀는 흰 옷을 깨끗이 입었다.

she has become a mere vegetable after he left.
그가 떠난 후 그녀는 활기가 없었다.

she has also proven herself to be a self starter and a quick learner.
또한 그녀는 일을 자발적으로 처리하며 업무도 빨리 배웁니다.

she has such a piercing voice.
그녀는 목소리가 너무 새되다.

she has such an ample store of topics.
그 여자는 이야깃거리가 풍부하다.

she has fought tenaciously to maintain her authority in the city.
그녀는 도시에서의 자신의 권위를 유지하기 위해 강인하게 싸워 왔다.

she has beautiful legs. or her legs are shapely.
그 여자는 각선미가 좋다.

she has provided us with the first socialist critique of current economic policy.
그녀는 우리에게 현행 경제 정책에 대한 최초의 사회주의적 비평을 제공했다.

she has spent 15 years as a clinical psychologist with the northumberland health authority.
그녀는 노섬벌랜드 보건 당국에서 임상 심리학자로 15년을 보냈다.

she has achieved a prominence she hardly deserves.
그녀가 누릴 자격이 거의 없는 명성을 얻게 되었다.

she has proven herself to be a self starter and a quick learner.
그녀는 일을 자발적으로 처리하며 업무도 빨리 배웁니다.

she has succeeded in business and is now a billionaire.
그녀는 사업에 성공해서 이제 억만장자가 되었다.

she has sole tenancy of the apartment.
그녀가 그 아파트의 차용권을 독점하고 있다.

she has glossy hair.
그녀의 머리에는 윤기가 흐른다.

she has successively filled various government posts.
그녀는 정부의 여러 요직을 역임했다.

she declared her love to him in a letter.
그 여자는 편지로 그를 사랑한다고 고백했다.

she held a bachelor s degree in history in 1943 , from sarah lawrence college in new york.
그녀는 1943년에 뉴욕 소재 사라 로렌스 대학에서 역사학 학사학위를 받았습니다.

she held her breath and dove into the pool.
그녀는 숨을 들이마신 후 물 속으로 다이빙했다.

she supported mark antony when he prevailed as ruler of the roman empire.
그녀는 마크 안토니가 로마 제국의 통치자로써 군림했을 때 그를 지지했어요.

she then has a presentiment that something bad is about to happen.
그녀는 무언가 나쁜 것이 일어날 것이라는 예감이 그때 들었다.

she lay on the bed , her arms and legs splayed out.
그녀는 팔다리를 벌리고 침대에 누워 있었다.

she lay down to rest her aching limbs.
그녀는 쑤시는 팔다리를 쉬게 하려고 드러누웠다.

she helped the handicapped all her life.
그녀는 장애인들을 평생 도왔다.

she put a new duvet cover on.
그녀는 새 이불보를 씌웠다.

she put the dirty laundry into the washer.
그 여자는 더러운 빨래감을 세탁기에 넣었다.

she put the present in a place out of my range of vision.
그녀는 선물을 내 눈에 띄지 않는 곳에 두었다.

she put one cupful of milk in the cake batter.
그녀는 케익 반죽에 우유를 한 잔 넣었다.

she gave a clear and lucid account of her plan for the company's future.
그녀는 회사의 미래에 대한 자신의 계획을 분명하고 알기 쉽게 설명했다.

she gave the child a smack in the head.
그녀는 아이의 머리를 콱 쥐어박았다.

she gave me a reproachful glance.
그녀는 나를 원망스러운 눈으로 쳐다보았다.

she gave him a thump on the back.
그녀가 그의 등을 한 대 툭 쳤다.

she gave details of her objections to the plans in a ten-page missive to the council.
그녀는 10페이지에 걸친 장문의 편지를 평의회에 보내 자신이 그 계획에 반대하는 이유를 상세히 밝혔다.

she gave us a toothless grin.
그녀가 이가 없는 잇몸을 드러내며 우리에게 씨익 웃어 보였다.

she went a - whoring after strange gods.
그녀는 사교에 빠졌다.

she went over the vocabulary before the english test.
그녀는 영어시험을 보기 전에 단어를 다시 한번 살펴봤다.

she went out a garden under the favorable auspices could see bluebird.
그녀는 정원으로 나갔을 때 상서롭게도 파랑새를 보았다.

she went off in a huff.
그녀가 발끈 성을 내며 가 버렸다.

she went for the jugular when they were discussing.
그녀는 그들이 토론하고 있을 때 급소를 찔렀다.

she went into that family as a concubine.
그녀는 그 집에 첩으로 들어갔다.

she went red as a beetroot.
그녀는 얼굴이 홍당무가 되었다.

she went ape over new drug production to reduce many people's pains.
그녀는 많은 사람의 고통을 줄이기 위하여 신약개발에 몰두하였다.

she looked at me warmly.
그녀는 나를 따뜻한 눈길로 바라보았다.

she looked like she has nerves of steel.
그 여자분은 아주 강심장인 것 같던데요.

she passed round a large plate of appetizers and i took a cheese biscuit and a few nuts.
그녀는 애피타이저를 담은 커다란 접시를 돌렸고 나는 치즈 비스킷과 견과류 몇 개를 집었다.

she jumped off from the colt and walked away.
그녀는 말에서 뛰어내려서 가버렸다.

she jumped behind the wheel and roared off.
그녀는 운전석에 뛰어올라 시동을 걸었다.

she sees a crowd gather around a cage.
그녀는 한 우리 주위에 사람들이 몰려 있는 걸 보아요.

she sees a potted flower on the counter.
그녀는 카운터 위에서 화분의 꽃을 보았다.

she fell in love with the decorator.
그녀는 그 실내 장식가에게 반했다.

she fell and pulled a tendon on her right ankle while skiing.
그녀는 스키를 타다가 넘어져 오른쪽 발목의 인대가 늘어났다.

she fell beneath the movie " titanic ".
그녀는 " 타이타닉 " 영화에 영향을 받았다.

she swung around when he called her name.
그가 이름을 부르자 그녀는 잽싸게 돌아섰다.

she smiled affectionately at him.
그녀는 그에게 다정하게 웃었다.

she felt that she had been treated unfairly.
그녀는 불공평한 대접을 받고 있다고 느꼈다.

she felt as though she needed another shower before she met him.
그녀는 그를 보기 전에 한 번 더 샤워를 해야 할 필요성을 느꼈다.

she felt herself unfitted for marriage.
그녀는 자신이 결혼 생활에는 어울리지 않는다고 생각했다.

she felt locked in a loveless marriage.
그녀는 사랑 없는 결혼생활에 말려든 기분이었다.

she feels in a bad humor.
그녀는 기분이 나쁘다.

she just had an appendectomy and she's doped up from the anesthetic.
그 애는 막 맹장수술을 받고 아직 마취가 깨지 않은 상태다.

she just stood there within hailing distance of laugh.
그녀는 웃음소리가 들리는 그곳에 그냥 서 있었다.

she just turned up unannounced on my doorstep.
그녀는 아무 연락도 없이 그냥 우리 집 문간에 나타났다.

she just bought one of those newfangled computers that can talk.
그녀는 방금 말할 수 있는 최신형 컴퓨터를 하나 샀다.

she just silently endured the step mother's cruelty.
그녀는 새어머니의 학대를 참고 견뎠습니다.

she still retains a lingering love for the man.
그에게 아직도 연연한 정을 품고 있다.

she seems to be harassed by work these days.
그녀는 요즘 일에 쫓기는 것 같다.

she seems to feel ambivalent about her new job.
그녀는 새 직장에 대해 좋기도 하고 싫기도 한 모양이다.

she seems to know the effective lay out to make a collage.
그녀는 콜라주를 만들기 위한 효과적인 구성을 아는 것 같다.

she tied the world record for the 400-meter freestyle.
그녀는 400미터 자유형에서 세계 타이 기록을 냈다.

she meant the whole blessed lot to me.
그녀는 나에게 전부였다.

she looks slippy when it comes to solving math problems.
그녀는 수학문제를 풀 때 잽싸다.

she began composition of a letter to her lover.
그녀는 애인한테 편지를 쓰기 시작했다.

she began devouring newspapers when she was only 12.
불은 순식간에 그 집을 집어삼켰다.

she knows quite a lot about herbal medicines.
그녀는 약초로 만드는 약에 대해서 상당히 많이 알고 있다.

she stands , clears her throat , and reads it aloud.
그녀는 일어서서 목을 가다듬고 이것을 크게 읽었다.

she told you the absolute truth.
그녀는 당신에게 절대적 진실을 말한 것입니다.

she told me she had indian ancestry.
그녀는 자신이 인디안 출신이라고 말해주었다.

she told him to sod off immediately.
그녀는 그에게 당장 꺼지라고 말을 했다.

she left the room with all the dignity she could muster.
그녀는 최대한 품위를 지키려고 애쓰며 그 방을 떠났다.

she left her share of food untouched.
그녀는 자기 몫의 음식을 고스란히 남겼다.

she uses a depilatory to remove unwanted body hair.
그녀는 원치 않는 체모를 없애기 위해 제모제를 쓴다.

she spread false information as a deception to mislead investors.
그 여자는 투자자들을 호도하려고 속임수로 거짓 정보를 퍼뜨렸다.

she managed to stifle a yawn.
그녀는 간신히 하품을 억눌렀다.

she easily supported her thesis with strong evidence from her extensive research.
그녀는 폭넓은 조사로 얻은 확실한 증거로 자신의 논문을 쉽게 뒷받침했다.

she easily loses her temper for nothing.
그녀는 아무 것도 아닌 일에 곧잘 성을 낸다.

she keeps a smiling face always excepting cases where she becomes tense.
그녀는 긴장하는 경우를 제외하고는 웃는 얼굴을 간직한다.

she keeps all sorts of miscellaneous items in her garage.
그녀는 차고에 온갖 잡다한 물건들을 보관한다.

she kept the book for sentimental reasons.
그녀는 감상적인 이유로 그 책을 간직했다.

she kept the jewelry in a cache under the stairs.
그 여자는 계단 아래 있는 금고 속에 보석을 넣어 두었다.

she kept on smiling although she faced alps on alps.
그녀가 겹쳐지는 난관에 직면했어도 계속해서 웃었다.

she kept on succeeding since she had fortune on her side.
그녀는 운이 트였기 때문에 계속해서 성공했다.

she kept making disparaging remarks about karen.
그 여자는 카렌을 못마땅하게 여기며 계속 헐뜯었다.

she appeared on my doorstep out of the blue.
그녀는 아닌 밤중에 홍두깨식으로 우리 집에 나타났다.

she became a casualty of the reduction in part-time work.
그녀는 시간제 일자리 감축의 피해자가 되었다.

she became the first african american to have a book of poetry published.
그녀는 시집을 출판한 최초의 아프리카계 미국인이 되었다.

she became dispirited after losing the second set.
그녀는 두 번째 세트를 내주고 사기가 떨어졌다.

she gently crooned a lullaby.
그녀가 조용히 자장가를 불렀다.

she studied archaeology and art history at the university.
그녀는 대학에서 고고학과 미술사를 공부했다.

she arranged to meet the man in the hotel lobby.
그녀는 호텔 로비에서 그를 만나기로 약속했다.

she needed a special dispensation to remarry.
그녀는 재혼을 하려면 특별 허가가 필요했다.

she tried to conceal her grief behind a forced smile.
그녀는 억지로 웃으며 슬픔을 숨기려고 했다.

she averred that he had done it.
그녀는 그가 그것을 했다고 증언했다.

she showed rare tact in inviting them both.
그녀는 뛰어난 사교성을 발휘해 그들을 다같이 초대했다.

she dreams of succeeding as a movie star.
그녀에게는 영화배우가 되어 성공하겠다는 꿈이 있다.

she forced herself to calm down.
그녀는 애써 마음을 가라앉혔다.

she dug some potatoes into the soil.
그녀는 감자를 땅에 묻었다.

she received the news with apparent unconcern.
그녀는 그 소식을 분명히 무심하게 받아들였다.

she tossed her leonine mane of hair indignantly.
그녀는 분개하여 자신의 사자 갈기 같은 머리칼을 갑자기 쳐들었다.

she wanted to buy it cheaply , and went around all the shops.
그녀는 물건을 싸게 사고 싶어서 가게들을 기웃거리며 다녔다.

she brought great news that her pet crocodile is going with young.
그녀는 그녀의 애완 악어가 새끼를 배고 있다는 멋진 소식을 가져왔다.

she turned up the radio to drown out the noise from next door.
그녀는 옆집에서 나는 소음이 안 들리게 하려고 라디오 소리를 키웠다.

she turned up the driveway , only to find her way blocked.
그녀는 진입로에 들어서서야 길이 막혀 있다는 걸 알았다.

she turned with a swish of her skirt.
큰 승용차 한 대가 쌩 하며 그들을 지나가더니 방향을 돌려 대사관 정문 안으로 들어갔다.

she turned around and began to retrace her steps towards the house.
그녀는 몸을 돌려 집을 향해 왔던 길을 되짚어 가기 시작했다.

she entered the world of academia as an assistant professor.
그는 조교수로 학계에 입문했다.

she answered my question with asperity.
그녀는 퉁명스럽게 내 질문에 답했다.

she raised the heel against the wall.
그녀는 발로 벽을 찼다.

she gained the laurel because she solved the problem easily.
그녀는 그 문제를 쉽게 해결해서 영예를 얻었다.

she bought guns to look out for squalls.
그녀는 위험에 대비하기 위해 총을 샀다.

she wrote about the depression and malaise felt by women trapped in their suburban homes.
그녀는 교외의 가정이라는 덫에 걸려 사는 여성들이 느끼는 우울증과 막연한 불안에 대해 글을 썼다.

she learned how to knead arms and legs.
그녀는 팔과 다리를 주무르는 법을 배웠다.

she learned some american history in high school.
그 여자는 고등학교에서 미국사를 조금 배웠다.

she planned to spend the next two to three months in los angeles giving birth and recuperating.
그녀는 로스앤젤레스에서 2~3개월 정도 지내면서 아이를 낳고 산후 조리를 할 계획이었습니다.

she denied being at the ball and looked as if butter would not melt in her mouth.
그녀는 시치미를 떼고 무도회에 있었다는 것을 부인했다.

she poised her elbow on her knee.
그녀는 팔꿈치를 무릎 위에 올려놓았다.

she started off being quite matey with everyone.
그녀가 모두에게 꽤 다정하게 굴기 시작했다.

she checked the test paper again because she had it on her conscience.
그녀는 시험지가 마음에 걸려서 그것을 다시 한 번 검토해봤다.

she dropped on her knees to kiss her owner's toe.
그녀는 무릎을 꿇고 그의 주인의 발에 입맞추었다.

she hurled venomous words at them.
그녀는 그들에게 독한 말을 퍼부어댔다.

she actually wanted to reconstruct the state and transform society.
그 성당은 화재 이후 재건축되었다.

she gets red blotches on her face.
그녀는 안면홍조가 심하다.

she moved the sheaf of papers into position.
그가 시험지 한 뭉치를 들고 교실로 들어왔다.

she sat in the front seat.
그녀는 앞좌석에 앉았다.

she sat upright , her body rigid with fear.
그녀는 공포에 질려 몸이 뻣뻣하게 굳은 채 똑바로 앉아 있었다.

she drove the entire female population into a diet syndrome.
그녀는 모든 여성들을 다이어트 신드롬에 몰아 넣었습니다.

she packed three suitcases for her trip.
그녀는 여행을 위해 여행가방을 세 개 꾸렸다.

she applied for a visa to visit uk.
그녀는 영국 방문 비자를 신청하였다.

she watched the boat drift farther and farther away.
그녀는 그 배가 점점 더 멀리 떠내려가는 것을 보았다.

she spoke of the horror of honour killing.
그녀는 명예살인을 무서웠다고 말했었다.

she spoke with a slight lisp.
그녀는 약간 혀짤배기소리로 말을 했다.

she messed everything up but had the audacity to act as if there had been nothing going on.
그녀는 모든 것을 망쳤는데 뻔뻔스럽게도 아무 일이 없었던 것처럼 행동한다.

she gradually brought the light of understanding to his darkened , obtuse mind , and he discovered the joy of loving someone with all his heart.
그녀는 점점 그의 어둡고 무딘 마음을 이해해 주었고 , 그는 누군가를 진정으로 사랑할 때의 기쁨을 알게 되었다.

she moves from los angeles to san francisco to start anew.
그녀는 새출발을 하기 위하여 로스안젤레스에서 샌프란시스코로 이사왔다.

she handles everything with great delicacy.
그녀는 모든 일을 섬세하게 처리한다.

she pressed the button for the elevator.
그녀는 엘리베이터의 버튼을 눌렀다.

she affected a calmness she did not feel.
그녀는 속마음과 다르게 태연을 가장했다.

she played a bubbly , lively character in her latest film.
그녀는 이번 영화에서 발랄한 이미지를 선보였다.

she played as an amateur here in 2003 in the lpga cj nine bridges tournament.
그녀는 2003년 cj lpga에서 아마추어 선수로서 한국에서 경기한 적은 있었다.

she played around with the scumbag.
그녀는 그 놈팡이하고 놀아났다.

she dim out and darkened the room.
그녀는 스위치를 꺼서 방을 어둡게 했다.

she spent the evening marking exam papers.
그녀는 시험지 채점을 하느라 그 날 저녁을 보냈다.

she spent her evenings mixing with the trendy young people.
그녀는 유행을 따르는 젊은이들과 뒤섞여 저녁시간을 보냈다.

she traveled many country under color of studying foreign languages.
그녀는 외국어 공부를 구실삼아 여러 나라를 여행했다.

she sailed around the world single-handed in her yacht.
그녀는 혼자 요트를 타고 세계 일주 항해를 했다.

she rode a handsome buckskin.
그녀는 멋진 녹비색 말을 탔다.

she dedicated her whole life to the emancipation of women.
그녀는 평생을 여성 해방을 위해 헌신했다.

she drank too much beer that she kissed the porcelain god.
그녀는 맥주를 너무 많이 마셔서 토하였다.

she sang with a captivating voice.
그녀는 호소력 짙은 목소리로 노래를 불렀다.

she replaced lee hae-chan who resigned on march 14 amidst the golf game scandal to become the 50th prime minster of south korea.
그녀는 골프경기 파문으로 3월 14일에 사임된 이 해 찬을 대신해 대한민국 50번째 총리가 되었다.

she fears that one company might dominate the other.
한 회사가 다른 회사를 장악할까 우려가 되기 때문에.

she chose the honest way not to live in contempt.
그녀는 굴욕스럽게 살지 않기 위해 정직한 방법을 선택했다.

she joined a group of some 2 , 000 other students of kabbalah , a form of jewish mysticism she has followed in recent years.
그녀는 2천여 명의 캅발라 수행자들과 합류했습니다. 캅발라는 마돈나가 최근 몇 년간 심취해 있는 유대교 신비주의입니다.

she pleaded with him but he remained unmoved.
그녀가 그에게 간청했지만 그는 여전히 냉정했다.

she commissioned the artist to paint a picture of her.
그녀는 화가에게 초상화를 그려 달라고 부탁했다.

she commissioned an artist to paint her portrait.
그녀는 어느 화가에게 자신의 초상화를 그려달라고 의뢰했다.

she knew that she had to confront her fears.
그녀는 자신의 공포감에 맞서야 한다는 것을 알고 있었다.

she knew that tenure of high political office was beyond her.
그녀는 정계 고위직 재임은 자기 능력밖이라는 것을 알고 있었다.

she wears a mini skirt in spite of the piercing cold.
그녀는 강추위에도 불구하고 미니 스커트를 입고 있다.

she wears lambskin gloves.
그 여자는 양가죽 장갑을 끼고 있다.

she conducted 11 interviews with asian american women who have already had cosmetic surgery.
그녀는 미용 성형 경험이 있는 아시아계 미국 여성들과 11차례 인터뷰를 진행했다.

she enjoys noncompetitive sports , such as jogging and ice skating.
그녀는 조깅이나 스케이트와 같이 경쟁하지 않는 스포츠를 즐겨한다.

she cultivated an air of sophistication.
그녀는 세련된 분위기를 길렀다.

she departed this life at the age of 80.
그녀는 80세를 일기로 타계했다.

she wheeled him to the cafeteria.
그녀는 그를 휠체어에 태우고 식당으로 갔다.

she strained her child close to her breast.
그녀는 아이를 품에 꼭 껴안았다.

she walks her poodle on a leash.
그 여자는 푸들을 끈에 매어서 산책시킨다.

she convinced the heir to the throne (the dauphin) to support her.
그녀는 왕위 계승자(dauphin)에게 그녀를 지지하라고 설득했다.

she married elvis presley , the king , when she was 21 , became the mother of his only child , lisa marie.
그녀는 스물 한 살에 (로큰롤의) 황제 엘비스 프레슬리와 결혼해 , 그의 외동딸 리사 마리를 낳았습니다.

she constantly put on the moan at the dinner table.
그녀는 저녁 식탁에서 계속 불평했다.

she somehow contrived to get tickets to the cannes film festival.
그녀는 어떻게 칸느 영화제 시상식 티켓을 구했다.

she faced a barrage of questions from the reporters.
그녀는 기자들의 질문 공세를 받았다.

she drilled us on pronunciation every day.
그녀는 우리에게 매일같이 발음 연습을 시켰다.

she breaks up with john and confesses she aborted their unborn child.
그녀는 존과 헤어지고 나서 그들의 태어나지 않은 아이를 낙태했다고 자백했다.

she surveyed the room , looking for someone she knew.
그녀는 아는 사람을 찾느라 방 안을 둘러보았다.

she closed her eyes to prevent him looking into them.
그녀는 그가 자기 눈을 들여다보지 못하도록 눈을 감았다.

she stops by to see her niece every now and then.
그녀는 가끔 조카를 보러 잠깐 들리곤 한다.

she handled her pet without gloves.
그녀는 그의 애완동물을 거칠게 다루었다.

she handled his questions with great aplomb.
그녀는 그의 모든 질문에 침착하게 대답했다.

she tore the roasted squid into little pieces.
그녀는 구운 오징어를 잘게 찢었다.

she hid the fine bones of her face behind prosthetic latex to play virginia woolf in " the hours ".
그녀는 디 아워스에서는 버지니아 울프로 변신하기 위해 그 예쁜 얼굴에 분장용 라텍스를 붙였다.

she hid her face from the scary scene.
그녀는 무서운 장면에서 얼굴을 돌렸다.

she inherited a substantial fortune from her grandmother.
그녀는 할머니에게서 짭짤한 유산을 받았다.

she tends to blur the distinction between her friends and her colleagues.
그녀는 친구와 동료의 구별을 제대로 못하는 경향이 있다.

she spilled a drop of water.
그녀가 물방물을 흘렸다.

she spilled water on an expensive rug that he prized and he got his gage up.
아끼는 비싼 양탄자에 그녀가 물을 쏟자 그는 화를 냈다.

she bitterly resented her father's new wife.
그녀는 아버지의 새 아내에게 몹시 분개했다.

she lays great stress on punctuality.
그녀는 시간 엄수를 대단히 중시한다.

she lays great stress on punctuality.
그녀는 시간 엄수를 크게 중시한다.

she sings in a church choral group.
그녀는 교회 합창단에서 노래한다.

she sings in honky-tonks.
그녀는 싸구려 술집에서 노래한다.

she allotted extra time in her demanding schedule.
그녀는 자신의 벅찬 일정에 여분의 시간을 할당했다.

she pointed out the salient features of the new design.
그녀는 그 새 디자인의 가장 두드러진 특징들을 지적했다.

she tripled her investment in a year.
그 여자는 일 년 사이에 투자를 세 배로 늘렸다.

she ruffled his hair affectionately.
그녀가 사랑스럽다는 듯이 그의 머리카락을 헝클어뜨렸다.

she writes under the nom de plume of alison cooper.
오염지반의 거시적 분포 및 오염원의 형태조사 기법개발(최종).

she writes nonsexist children's books.
그녀는 성차별에 관한 언급이 없는 아이들 책을 쓴다.

she copied the company files onto a diskette.
그녀는 회사의 자료를 디스켓에 복사했다.

she secretly loves her neighbor , who is an ordinary banker.
그녀는 평범한 은행원인 이웃집 남자를 짝사랑 합니다.

she adduced several facts to support her thesis.
그녀는 자신의 논지를 뒷받침하기 위해 몇 가지 사실을 제시했다.

she paints with oil on canvas.
그녀는 캔버스에 유화를 그린다.

she aborted the pregnancy as she was not married.
그녀는 결혼을 하지 않았기에 낙태수술을 했다.

she emits wracking sobs , then lifts her eyes up to him.
그녀는 울음을 터뜨리고 , 눈을 들어 그를 보았다.

she endured her long illness with stoicism.
그녀는 오랜 지병을 극기심을 갖고 견뎠다.

she endured cruel treatment and humiliation.
그녀는 모진 학대와 수모를 꿋꿋이 이겨 냈다.

she bore down with her pen to write clearly.
그녀는 또박또박 쓰기 위해 펜에 힘을 주었다.

she sprayed a perfume on her arms.
그녀는 팔에 향수를 뿌렸다.

she sprayed her name in red paint all over his car in one last vindictive act before leaving him for good.
그녀는 그와 영원히 인연을 끊기 직전 마지막 앙갚음의 행위로 그의 차에 온통 붉은 페인트로 자신의 이름을 뿌려 놓았다.

she clipped the ball into the net.
그녀가 친 공이 네트에 맞았다.

she begged her mother to buy her substandard foodstuff.
그녀는 엄마에게 불량식품을 사달라고 졸라댔다.

she spotted him for the suspect , he gave a spring cause he was mortified.
그녀는 그를 용의자로 지목했고 억울한 그는 팔짝 뛰었다.

she disclosed her complete feelings to me. or she unbosomed herself to me.
그녀는 내게 마음을 남김없이 털어놓았다.

she dangled her car keys nervously as she spoke.
그녀는 말을 하면서 불안한 듯 자동차 키를 달랑거렸다.

she unhooked her bra.
그녀는 브래지어를 끌렀다.

she lit the lamp in the lighthouse every day.
그녀는 매일 등대에 불을 켰다.

she embarrasses me by asking bothersome questions.
그녀는 성가신 질문을 해서 나를 곯린다.

she sweetened the deal by offering him a bonus.
그녀는 보너스를 제공한다는 조건을 덧붙여 그의 구미를 더욱 당겼다.

she merrily whirled the dizzying wheels of the dance.
그녀는 신이 나서 눈이 어지러울 정도로 빙글빙글 돌며 춤추었다.

she boiled over when he did not keep his promise.
그가 약속을 지키지 않자 그녀가 화내기 시작했다.

she sacked legendary fashion photographer richard avedon , who had shot the versace campaigns since the first in 1978.
그녀는 전설적인 패션 사진사 리차드 아베돈을 해고했는데 , 그 사람은 1978년 베르사체의 첫 번째 광고이래로 쭉 일해온 사람이었다.

she groped blindly for the light switch in the dark room.
그녀는 어두운 방 안에서 앞이 안 보여 전기 스위치를 손으로 더듬어 찾았다.

she blackened his reputation by telling lies about him.
그 여자는 그에 대해 거짓말을 해서 그의 평판에 먹칠을 했다.

she boasts her descent from the great king sejong.
그녀는 세종대왕의 후예임을 자랑했다.

she wrinkled her nose in disgust at the smell.
그녀는 그 냄새가 역겨워서 코를 찡그렸다.

she bemoans the fact that she did not finish high school.
그녀는 고등학교를 마치지 않은 것을 후회한다.

she beguiled them into believing her version of events.
그녀는 그들을 구슬려 그 사건에 대한 자기 말을 믿게 했다.

she threaded her way through the crowd.
그녀는 군중 속을 요리조리 헤치며 나아갔다.

she cranked out cakes for the party.
그녀는 파티를 위해 케익을 여러 개 구웠다.

she dove into the lake and i followed suit.
그녀가 호수로 뛰어 들었고 , 나도 그녀 뒤를 따랐다.

she preached to the congregation about forgiveness.
그녀는 신도들에게 용서에 대해 설교했다.

she frowned in puzzlement.
그녀가 얼떨떨해서 얼굴을 찌푸렸다.

she clung on to her baby.
그녀는 아기를 꼭 껴안았다.

she clinked her glass against his.
정밀 공구들의 미약한 쨍그랑 소리에 깨지다.

she chided herself for being so impatient with the children.
그녀는 아이들에게 너무 참을성이 없었던 것을 자책했다.

she cajoled some money from him.
그녀는 그를 구슬려서 돈을 뜯어내었다.

she hears the grass grow when she concentrates on something.
그녀는 무엇에 집중할 때 이상하리만큼 민감하다.

she savored her newfound freedom.
그녀는 새로 찾은 자유를 음미했다.

she devoutly hoped he was telling the truth.
그녀는 그가 진실을 말하는 것이기를 간절히 바랐다.

she despaired at her loveless marriage.
그녀는 사랑 없는 결혼 생활에 절망했다.

she harassed me for days about the mistake i made.
그녀는 내가 저지른 실수에 대해서 며칠동안 비난하며 괴롭혔다.

she harassed me for days over my mistake.
내가 실수한 것 갖고 그녀는 며칠 내내 날 괴롭혔다.

she dabbled her toes in the stream.
그녀가 냇물에 발가락을 넣고 물을 튀겼다.

she henpecked him all the time.
그녀는 항상 남편 바가지를 긁었다.

she teetered after him in her high-heeled shoes.
그녀는 굽 높은 구두를 신고 불안정하게 그의 뒤를 따라갔다.

she sickened to see many snakes.
그녀는 많은 뱀을 보고 속이 메스꺼워졌다.

she whispers in my ear and says.
그녀가 나의 귀에 대고 속삭이고 말을 해요.

she mopped the spilled milk roughly.
그녀는 쏟아진 우유를 자루걸레로 대강 훔쳐냈다.

she manoeuvred the car carefully into the garage.
그녀는 차를 조심조심 차고에 넣었다.

she swatted the flies with a rolled newspaper.
그녀는 돌돌 만 신문으로 파리를 내리쳤다.

she ladled out a spoonful of soup.
수프를 한 스푼 가득히 떴다.

she seethed silently in the corner.
그녀는 구석에서 잠자코 속을 끓이고 있었다.

she titivated her hair in the mirror.
그녀는 거울 앞에서 머리를 매만졌다.

she unfastened her white sacque at the throat " (113).
밧줄이 풀렸다.

drink 8 glasses of water and include teas as well , sweeten with a little honey.
8잔의 물을 마시고 꿀 약간으로 단맛을 낸 차도 포함시키세요.

drink lots of water to avoid becoming dehydrated.
탈수를 막을 수 있도록 물을 많이 마셔라.

very few dissenting voices were heard on the right of the party.
그 정당의 우익에서는 반대하는 목소리가 거의 들리지 않았다.

very high pressure builds up beneath the ground.
땅 아래에서는 굉장히 높은 압력이 발생한다.

summer.
여름.

summer.
여름을 나다.

summer.
하계.

once a caterpillar has eaten enough leaves , it goes into a cocoon and begins to grow wings.
애벌레가 나뭇잎을 충분히 먹으면 , 고치가 되고 날개가 자라기 시작한다.

once the babies hatch , the mother birds get stuck with all the parenting duties.
새끼 새들이 알에서 깨어나면 어미새는 새끼 새를 돌보는 일에만 매이게 되기 때문이죠.

once you are finished , you will proceed to the new windows desktop. from there , you can start using your computer.
마치면 새 windows 바탕 화면이 실행되며 , 이 바탕 화면에서 사용자의 시스템을 사용하기 시작할 수 있습니다.

once you are determined to reach a goal , press on with persistence.
일단 목표를 정했으면 끈기 있게 밀고 나가라.

once they have arrived safely , they will land on the moon using another vehicle called the lunar lander.
그들은 달에 안전하게 도착하면 달 착륙선이라는 다른 우주선을 이용해 달에 착륙할 거예요.

once again , the target for enraged environmentalists was the less developed mexico.
또 다시 , 격분에 휩싸인 환경운동가들의 대상은 경제적으로 덜 발전된 멕시코였다.

once someone falls on evil days a misfortune , they will always have bad luck.
불운을 겪으면 늘 불행한 일만 생긴대요.

once approval is received , the pipeline could be completed in three years.
일단 승인이 떨어지고 나면 3년 안에 송유관이 완공될 수 있을 것이다.

once atc give them permission , the pilots will taxi toward the runway.
일단 atc가 그들에게 허가를 하면 , 조종사들은 활주로를 향해 이동할 것입니다.

or i will set my killer pangolin on you.
개미 핥기와 천산갑을 포함한 어떤 포유류들은 곤충을 먹습니다.

or , if you want the shell intact , cut off the top 1/2-inch ; scoop out seeds and core with a grapefruit spoon.
너가 만약 온전한 껍질을 원한다면 그것의 윗부분 1/2인치를 잘라내고 씨앗과 중심부분을 그레이프프루트 스푼으로 떠어내라.

or perhaps that really is the source of these fantasies.
아니 , 어쩌면 발상 자체는 거기에서 비롯됐는지도 모른다.

promise me that you will shake your habit.
나쁜 버릇 고치겠다고 약속해.

will not you come and dine with us ?.
함께 식사하러 오시지 않겠습니까 ?.

will the recent apology over the melamine scandal calm the international community ?.
멜라민 사태에 관한 최근의 사죄가 국제 사회를 잠재울까요 ?.

will the contract be reviewed by a lawyer ?.
변호사에게 계약서 보일 건가요 ?.

will you help me decorate the christmas tree ?.
크리스마스트리 장식하는 것 좀 도와줄래요 ?.

will you help me unload the truck ?.
트럭에서 짐 내리는 것 좀 도와 주시겠어요 ?.

will you be at the opening ceremony tonight ?.
오늘밤 개회식에 참석할 겁니까 ?.

will you send up a bellboy for my baggage ?.
제 짐을 들어 줄 벨보이를 올려 보내 주시겠습니까 ?.

will you drop me (off) at the crosswalk ?.
저 횡단보도에서 내려 주실래요 ?.

will this budding romance between timberlake and johansson develop into one of the first celebrity relationships of 2007 ?.
팀버레이크와 요한슨의 새롭게 시작한 로맨스가 2007년 첫 연예인 커플들 중 하나로 발전할까 ?.

will your accommodation be available next october ?.
편의시설을 내년 10월에 이용할 수 있을까요 ?.

will it be difficult to make the changeover ?.
변경하는 게 어려울까요 ?.

will we need to conduct another study ?.
다른 조사를 더 해야 할까요 ?.

will we remember dean kamen for changing the way we walk ?.
그렇다면 , 우리는 딘 카멘을 인간의 보행 방식에 변화를 가져 온 사람으로 기억하게 될까요 ?.

will france win the grand slam this year ?.
(럭비에서) 프랑스가 올해 그랜드 슬램을 할까 ?.

will capture the imagination once again.
star wars , alien , lost in space , x-files , robocop , dr.who , 그리고 mars attacks와 같은 영화에 나온 생물 , 의상 , 그리고 도구들은 다시.

will capture the imagination once again.
한번 상상력을 사로잡을 것입니다.

will rudy really run , or was his bombshell in bryant park a political death wish ?.
루디가 정말 계속 할 것인가 , 아니면 그의 브라이언트파크에서의 기자회견은 그의 정치생명이 끝나기를 바라는 소망이었을까 ?.

will ftth technology replace existing cable modem and dsl usage , or is the cost too prohibitive ?.
ftth 기술이 기존의 케이블 모뎀과 dsl 사용을 대신할 것인가 ? 그런데 가격이 너무 터무니없이 비싸지 않은가 ?.

be a man and suck it up (as we say over here).
남자답게 받아들여라(우리가 여기서 말한 것 처럼).

be sure to do your homework.
숙제는 꼭 해라.

be sure to seal the plastic bag.
비닐봉지가 밀폐되었는지 꼭 확인하세요.

be quiet , he's starting his acceptance speech.
조용 , 그가 수락 연설을 시작해.

be past its sell-by date.
일가함수.

be authenticated in any of the domains in the other forest.
포리스트 트러스트 포리스트 트러스트는 두 포리스트 사이의 전이적 트러스트입니다. 전이적 트러스트에서는 한 포리스트의 아무 도메인에.

be authenticated in any of the domains in the other forest.
있는 사용자를 다른 포리스트의 아무 도메인에서 인증할 수 있습니다.

be careful not to be involved in that complication.
그 분규에 말려들지 않도록 주의하시오.

be careful when you kiss caps with him who's a spy.
스파이인 그와 함께 술을 마실 때 조심하여라.

be careful about reading health books. you may die of a misprint. (mark twain).
건강 서적을 읽을 때 조심하라. 오타로 죽을 수도 있다. (마크 트웨인 , 독서명언).

be modest ! it is the kind of pride least likely to offend. (jules renard).
겸손해져라. 그것은 다른 사람에게 가장 불쾌감을 주지 않는 종류의 자신감이다. (쥘 르나르 , 겸손명언).

be courteous to all nurses and others on the staff.
모든 간호사들과 다른 직원들에게 예의 바르게 행동하세요.

be serious. this is no laughing matter.
좀 진지하라고. 웃고 있을 때가 아니야.

late monday evening , when many spectators had already left , ethiopia's haile gebrselassie chased down paul tergat of kenya to win the men's 10 , 000-meter run by less than one tenth of a second.
지난 월요일 밤 , 많은 관중들이 이미 떠났을 때 에티오피아의 하일레 게브르셀라시에는 남자 10 , 000미터 경기에서 10분의 1초 차이 이내로 이기기 위해 케냐의 폴 터갓을 바짝 추격했다.

water.
물.

water.
용수.

water is dripping down from the ceiling.
천장에서 물이 샌다.

water had started to leak into the cellar.
물이 지하실로 새어 들어가기 시작했던 것이다.

water was dripping down the walls.
벽을 타고 물이 뚝뚝 떨어졌다.

water saving method by proper application of the sanitary fittings.
위생기구에 의한 절수 대책.

water use in the naktong-river basin.
낙동강유역권 용수이용현황 조사자료집.

water flew out from between the rocks.
바위틈에서 물이 흘러나왔다.

water temperature and levels dictate the type of fish that can live in a river.
강의 수온과 수위가 서식하는 물고기의 종류를 결정짓는다.

water content of the stratosphere is likely the controlling factor of ozone levels.
성층권의 물의 함유는 오존의 수치를 조절하는 요소로 보여진다.

water stays here after a rainfall.
비가 오면 물이 여기에 괸다.

water dripped from a crevice in the cave.
동굴 안의 갈라진 틈으로 부터 물이 뚝뚝 떨어졌다.

water vapour.
수증기.

water voles have also been spotted , as well as several nationally rare lepidoptera , beetles , bees and barbastelle and bechstein's bats.
" 인시목이나 나비들에 대한 데이터베이스는 250 , 000가지의 이름 목록이 있습니다. " 라고 orrell은 말했다.

water swilled around in the bottom of the boat.
보트 바닥에서 물이 빙글빙글 돌았다.

excuse me , i am looking for the placid hotel. it must be around here somewhere.
실례합니다만 , 플래시드 호텔을 찾고 있습니다. 이 근처 어디 있을텐데요.

excuse me. if a mr. baker asks for james taylor , please direct him to me.
실례하지만 , 베이커라는 사람이 제임스 테일러를 찾으면 나한테 보내 주세요.

english philology.
영어학.

it is a time of renewal , rebirth and hope.
그것은 개선 , 부활 , 그리고 희망의 시간이다.

it is a dream of most girls to acquire the looks of barbie.
바비의 외모를 가지는 것은 대부분의 여자들의 꿈이다.

it is a major plank in any government's policy.
이건 어느 정부의 정책에서든지 주요한 항목이다.

it is a night creature and likes to spend its time alone.
야행성 동물로 혼자서 지내기를 좋아한다.

it is a means of defiance to the society around them.
그것은 그들 주변에 사회에 대한 저항의 수단이다.

it is a full ten years since he left for america.
그가 미국으로 떠난 지 만 10년이 된다.

it is a little over ten miles.
10마일 남짓한 거리다.

it is a guide to the health benefits of fresh fruits and vegetable juicing.
신선한 과일과 채소 주스를 마셔 건강하게 해주도록 이끌어준다.

it is a result of a decrease in oxygen on the earth.
지구의 산소량 감소의 결과다.

it is a matter of governmental discretion.
그것은 정부가 판단할 문제다.

it is a matter of sartorial choice.
그것은 의복선택에 관한 문제이다.

it is a matter for consideration.
그것은 생각해 볼 문제다.

it is a huge body and unprecedented.
그것은 거대한 집단으로 전례가 없던 것이다.

it is a popular , edible mushroom.
그것은 인기가 좋은 식용 버섯이다.

it is a piece of collaborative art.
공모에 의해 만들어진 읽을거리일 뿐이다.

it is a manipulation of our human nature itself.
그것은 우리 인류 자체를 조작하는 일이다.

it is a mere excuse. or that is an excuse.
그것은 핑계에 지나지 않는다.

it is a world-famous longevity village.
그곳은 세계적으로 유명한 장수 마을이다.

it is a statutory offence to pollute aquifers.
이것은 대수층을 오염시키는 법에 명시된 위법 행위다.

it is a manifest absurdity that someone on the minimum wage has to pay income tax.
최저 임금을 받는 사람이 수입에 대한 세금을 내야 한다는 것은 명백한 불합리이다.

it is a balmy evening in late september 2012.
2012년 늦은 9월의 아늑한 저녁이다.

it is a damning indictment of the government.
이는 틀림없이 정부의 폐단의 흔적이다.

it is a minefield into which we tread very warily.
그곳은 지뢰밭이라 우리는 아주 조심스럽게 발을 디딘다.

it is in the main lobby.
그것은 메인 로비에 있습니다.

it is in no way costly.
그것은 결코 비싸지 않다.

it is not in any way salacious.
그것은 어느군데도 외설스럽지 않다.

it is not the absence of a gun control law that causes accidental deaths.
우발적인 사고사가 발생하는 것은 총기규제법이 없어서가 아니다.

it is not so simple as you think.
그것은 네가 생각하는 것처럼 간단하지 않다.

it is not me but tim who messed everything up.
모든 것을 엉망으로 만든 것은 내가 아니고 팀이다.

it is not much to boast of.
그것은 자랑할 것이 못 된다.

it is not on the map.
지도에 나와 있지 않다.

it is not our pride to monopolize power.
권력을 독점하는 것은 우리의 자부심이 아니다.

it is not an action script nor is it a horror script.
이것은 액션도 그렇다고 호러 대본도 아니다.

it is not good politics to bash their fellow politicians.
동료 정치인을 노골적으로 비판하는 짓은 좋은 정치적 행동이 아니다.

it is not clear who is right ; the issue is still cloudy.
누가 옳은 건지 아직 확실치 않습니다. 그 문제는 아직 해결되지 않았습니다. (애매합니다.).

it is not as much fun to dismantle a tree as it is to put it up.
트리를 세우는 때와는 달리 트리를 치우는 일은 그다지 즐겁지 않다.

it is not meant to offend anybody.
그것은 어느 누구도 화나게 할 의도가 아니다.

it is not sustainable as it stands.
지금 이대로는 유지가 불가능하다.

it is not permitted to sell or otherwise distribute copies of past examination papers.
지나간 시험지들 사본을 팔거나 다른 방법으로 배포하는 것은 허용되지 않는다.

it is not contagious and may appear at any age.
그것은 전염성이 아니고 어느 연령대에도 나타날 수 있다.

it is at the southeast end of europe.
유럽의 남동쪽에 있다.

it is the very reverse to what he intended.
그것은 그가 생각한 것과는 정반대이다.

it is the main currency used to conduct foreign trade.
이 것은 대외무역을 수행하는데 사용되는 주된 화폐이다.

it is the one sanction they all dread.
이것은 그들 모두가 두려워하는 금지 사항중 하나다.

it is the sense of invincibility and inexperience and inattention combined with driver distractions that's killing our kids.
두려움을 모르는 호기 , 경험부족 , 부주의가 운전 중 주의를 빼앗는 요인들과 한데 어우러져 우리 아이들의 목숨을 앗아가고 있습니다.

it is the source of homophobia , xenophobia , racism , sexism , terrorism , bigotry of every variety and hue.
그것은 동성애 공포증 , 외국인 혐오증 , 인종차별 , 성차별 , 테러리즘 , 모든 다양성과 특성에 대한 편협함의 근원입니다.

it is the world's largest cereal producer.
세계에서 가장 큰 시리얼 제조회사이다.

it is the newest student dormitory.
가장 새로운 학생 기숙사이다.

it is the belief of muslims that god has sent many prophets to the world , including moses and jesus christ.
신이 모세와 예수 그리스도를 포함한 여러 명의 예언자들을 세상에 보냈다는 것이 무슬림들의 믿음이다.

it is the lesser of two evils.
이것이 두개중에 그나마 나은것이다.

it is the deepest salt water lake in tennessee.
테네시에 있는 가장 깊은 해수 호수이다.

it is the oldest adage in the traveller's book.
이것은 여행자의 책에 나오는 가장 오래된 격언이다.

it is no good whingeing ; we must respond to the changes.
불평만 하는 것은 아무 도움도 되지 않는다 - 우리는 변화에 대응해야 한다.

it is no use reasoning with a child.
아이에게 이치를 말해도 소용없다.

it is no wonder why he is known as just mozart in today's era.
그가 이시대의 모짜르트라고 알려 진것은 놀랄 일이 아니다.

it is cold enough to shrivel one up.
몸이 오그라들 정도로 춥다.

it is so characteristic of korean. or it is so characteristically korean.
그것은 한국인의 특색을 잘 나타내고 있다.

it is so silly things to discuss unessential problems.
중요치 않는 문제에 대해 거론하는 것은 너무나 어리석은 짓이다.

it is to be bagged and trashed with the garbage.
그런 것은 일반 쓰레기와 함게 봉지에 넣어 폐기됩니다.

it is often said that only a spouse can tell the truth about or on behalf of a person.
오직 배우자만이 진실을 말할수 있거나 사람을 대신 할 수 있다고 종종 말했다.

it is very difficult to mitigate it.
그것을 완화시키기 것은 매우 어렵다.

it is very unaccountable at the moment.
현재로서 , 그것은 매우 이해하기 어렵다.

it is very loathsome behavior that jake burps playfully everywhere he goes.
jake가 어디에서나 장난스럽게 트림하는 것은 매우 혐오할만한 행동이다.

it is my turn to buy you lunch.
내가 너에게 점심 사줄 차례야.

it is hard to estimate how many children suffer from dyslexia.
얼마나 많은 아동들이 난독증에 시달리는지는 추정하기가 어렵다.

it is hard to sympathize with big corporations making vast sums peddling nasty diversions to children.
저질 음란물을 어린이들에게 판매해 막대한 이익을 챙기는 대기업들에 동조하기는 어렵다.

it is hard for a sentient person to understand how any parents could treat their child so badly.
지각이 있는 사람으로서는 부모가 되어서 어떻게 자기 아이들을 그토록 학대할 수 있는지 이해하기 힘들다.

it is hard for me to save money.
난 돈 모으는 게 어려워.

it is time to spay and neuter congress and the president.
1월 1일 이후 , 난소를 제거하거나 거세한 개의 1년 면허비는 얼마가 될 것인가 ?.

it is going to be difficult if not impossible to reconstruct this.
이것을 다시 재건하는 것이 불가능하지는 않더라도 매우 힘들 것이다.

it is our duty to dismantle it.
그것을 해체하는 것이 우리들의 의무이다.

it is our client's contention that the fire was an accident.
그 화재는 사고였다는 것이 저희 의뢰인의 주장입니다.

it is great for screening calls you do not want to take , or calls you would rather return later.
받기 싫은 전화 , 또는 나중에 답신하고 싶은 전화를 가릴 수 있어서 대단히 편리합니다.

it is selfish to be an obnoxious boor in a restaurant by becoming drunk and insulting the waitstaff.
레스토랑에서 역겨운 무뢰한이 술에 취해서 종업원에게 소리지르는 것은 이기적인 일이다.

it is more harmful if you smoke on an empty stomach.
빈 속에 담배 피우면 더욱 해롭다.

it is an old tradition that you are given the cane on the calves when you do something wrong.
잘못을 하면 종아리를 회초리로 맞는 것은 오래된 전통이다.

it is an event anterior to the murder.
그것이 살인 사건보다 먼저 일어난 사건입니다.

it is an ideal place to relocate the company.
회사를 이전할 이상적인 장소이다.

it is an offence to serve alcohol to minors.
미성년자에게 술을 파는 것은 위법 행위이다.

it is an offence to demolish , alter or extend a listed building without listed building consent from the local planning authority.
지역계획담당부서의 동의 없이 목록에 있는 건물을 파괴하거나 증축하거나 바꾸는 것은 범죄이다.

it is an undeniable fact that crime is increasing.
범죄가 증가하고 있다는 것은 부인할 수 없는 사실이다.

it is interesting to observe the large number of characters who are corpulent.
다수의 비만인 사람들을 관찰하는 것은 흥미롭다.

it is getting colder and colder.
차차 추워지고 있다.

it is by no means satisfactory.
결코 만족스럽다 할 수는 없다.

it is for the minister of state to assuage our concerns.
이건 국무성장관이 우리의 걱정을 덜어 주기 위해서이다.

it is good for the punter and the marketplace.
그것은 고객과 시장에게 도움되는 것이다.

it is said to help people with skin cancer , varicose veins and can be used in the treatment of aids.
피부암이나 하지 정맥류를 가진 사람들에게 도움이 된다고 하고 에이즈를 치료하는 데 사용될 수 있다.

it is said that the crispy , savory snack makes a profit of 10 million dollar a year in america alone !.
바삭바삭하고 , 맛 좋은 스낵은 미국에서만 연간 1 , 000만 달러의 이익을 벌어들이고 있다고 전하고 있다.

it is said that sloth is the mother of poverty.
나태는 가난의 어머니로 일컬어진다.

it is said that disposable diapers take more than one hundred years to decompose , and they are filling our landfills at remarkable speed.
일회용 기저귀들이 분해되는 데는 100년 이상이 걸리며 , 그것들은 놀랄 만한 속도로 우리의 매립식 쓰레기 처리장을 채우고 있다고들 한다.

it is said religion thrives in turbulent times.
난세에는 종교가 융성한다는 말이 있다.

it is one meter wide.
그것은 폭이 1미터다.

it is made up of a main unit that is shaped like a watch , a micro monitor that you wear over an eye , and a stylus input device.
그것은 시계형의 본체 , 눈에 쓸 수 있는 모니터 그리고 펜 타입의 입력 장치로 구성되어있다.

it is also a matter of pride for everyone from that country.
그것은 그 국가의 모든 이에게 내세울 수 있는 자부심의 문제이기도 하다.

it is also a golden opportunity to deregulate.
이것은 또한 규제를 철폐하기 좋은 황금 기회이다.

it is also more tractable and manageable.
이것은 또한 더욱 다루기 쉬우며 감당할 수 있다.

it is also known as a puma , cougar , and catamount.
또한 그것은 퓨마 , 쿠거 그리고 고양이과 야생동물로도 알려졌습니다.

it is also correct to write each of these as two independent sentences by using a period instead of a semicolon.
쌍반점 대신 마침표를 사용하여 두 문장을 별개의 문장으로 분리해도 좋다.

it is also demeaning to be reduced to a series of data on a card , depersonalizing transactions and suggesting that the government fears its own people and has to seek to control them.
업무 처리를 비인간화하고 정부가 자국 국민들을 두려워하면서 그들을 통제할 방법을 강구하도록 제안하면서 , 일련의 데이터를 카드 하나로 줄이는 것은 많은 것을 요구합니다.

it is only a ten-minute walk to the station.
역까지는 걸어서 10분이면 간다.

it is axiomatic that there can be no right without a corresponding obligation.
권리에 의무가 수반한다는 것은 자명한 이치다.

it is without doubt an act of ageism.
그것은 의심할것도 없이 노인차별의 행동이다.

it is easy to misconstrue confidence as arrogance.
자신감을 오만함으로 오해하기 쉽다.

it is easy to recover one's feet when young.
젊을 때는 원기 회복하는 것이 수월하다.

it is simply a rolled tortilla wrapped around a filling of meat.
타코는 간단히 고기 소를 싸서 말은 얇은 토르티야다.

it is simply the will to act and the funds to implement these actions that are both vastly insufficient for the task , says abigail rosen , director of the international program for global monitoring and lead author of the report.
단지 이 일을 추진하는 데 필요한 실천 의지와 자금이 턱없이 부족한 게 문제죠라고 세계 환경 감시 국제 프로그램의 소장이자 이 보고서의 주요 작성자인 애비게일 로젠 씨는 말합니다.

it is already known that matter tends to clump and form stars and galaxies , clusters and super-clusters , due to the pulling force of gravity.
물질이 중력의 끄는 힘 때문에 응집하여 별과 은하계 , 성단 그리고 대 성단을 만들려는 경향을 가진 것은 이미 알려진 사실입니다.

it is still vivid in my memory.
그것은 지금도 내 기억에 삼삼하다.

it is surprisingly commodious , even for a big man.
이것은 놀라울 정도로 넓은데 , 심지어 체구가 큰 남자에게도 적합할 정도다.

it is difficult to settle the matter to the satisfaction of all.
모든 사람의 마음에 들도록 사건을 해결하기는 어렵다.

it is difficult to judge because no yardstick was ever established to do so.
아직까지 아무 평가 기준이 만들어지지 않았기 때문에 그것을 평가하는 것은 어렵다.

it is difficult to discriminate between real and pretended cases of poverty.
진짜 가난과 위장된 가난을 구별하기 어렵다.

it is important to take into consideration absent-mindedness or poor eyesight before believing that a friend is actually disregarding you.
한 친구가 실제로 당신을 무시한다고 믿기 전에 그 사람이 정신이 멍한 상태이거나 나쁜 시력을 가졌다고 고려해 보는 것이 중요하다.

it is important that we strive for consensus.
합의를 이루려는 노력이 중요하다.

it is important that pakistan remains stable.
파키스탄이 안정적으로 유지되는 것이 중요하다.

it is hardly surprising she failed the exam.
그녀가 시험에 떨어진 것은 그리 놀라운 일이 아니다.

it is growing in a shady area.
그늘진 곳에서 자라고 있다.

it is expected to weaken and dissipate in the next 36 hours.
그것은 36시간 안에 약해지고 소멸될 것이라고 예측된다.

it is matter of quid pro quo.
그것은 보상에 관한 문제이다.

it is vulnerable to accidental bumps.
갑작스러운 충격에 부서질 수 있다.

it is far to seek what the truth is.
진리를 찾기란 힘든 일이다.

it is suspected that there was a liaison between the two.
둘 사이에 치정 관계가 있는 것 같다.

it is comparatively small in size , as compared to other humongous churches in france and germany.
프랑스와 독일의 다른 거대한 교회들에 비해 비교적 규모가 작습니다.

it is estimated that 25% of all pregnancies end in spontaneous abortion.
모든 임신의 25퍼센트는 자연유산이 된다고 추정된다.

it is highly commendable. or it is highly praiseworthy.
그것은 아주 기특한 일이다.

it is almost like hitting a brick wall.
거의 무의미한 것 같다.

it is understood mr quick has not paid his levies for several years.
mr. quick이 수년동안 그의 세금을 지불하지 않은 것은 이해 된다.

it is within my competence to sit here.
이곳에 앉는 건 내 권한이다.

it is within bounds to say that michael jordan is just like air.
마이클 조던이 공기와 같다고 말해도 과언이 아니다.

it is generally accepted to be an outmoded concept.
그것은 유행이 지난 개념으로 일반적으로 인식된다.

it is similar to presenting an award.
시상을 하는 것과 유사하다.

it is actually a giant xylophone.
그것은 정말로 큰 실로폰이다.

it is actually a giant xylophone.
" 그건 실로폰이 아냐 , 철금이지. " " 별로 다를 거 없어. ".

it is actually a giant xylophone.
xylophone은 x로 시작된다.

it is forgotten that they are largely nocturnal animals.
그들이 주로 야행성 동물이라는 것이 잊혀졌다.

it is impossible to pin down the answers.
단정적인 대답은 불가능하다.

it is recommended that only advanced users and system administrators change this option.
고급 사용자와 시스템 관리자 이외에는 이 옵션을 변경하지 않는 것이 좋습니다.

it is contrary to the divine law.
이건 신성한 법과는 반대되는 것이다.

it is intent to miniaturize current technology to that the size of a single atom.
단일 원자의 사이즈를 현재기술로 소형화할 계획이다.

it is morally wrong for a person to put another person's safety into jeopardy.
타인의 안전한 삶을 위험으로 빠뜨리는 것은 도덕적으로 옳지 못하다.

it is claimed that the police routinely brutalize prisoners.
경찰이 죄수를 일상적으로 잔인하게 폭행한다는 주장이 제기되고 있다.

it is commonly acknowledged that he is a prominent historian.
그가 뛰어난 역사가임은 자타가 공인하는 바다.

it is unlikely that life currently exists on titan , though.
하지만 현재 생명체가 타이탄 위성에 존재할것 같아 보이지는 않는다.

it is tantalizing to see it but not be allowed to touch it.
볼 수 있을 뿐 만지지 못하니 정말 안타깝다.

it is separated from the coast of africa by the mozambique channel - the shortest distance between the island and the mainland is 400 kilometers.
이것은 모잠비크 운하에 의해서 아프리카 해안으로부터 분리됐고 섬과 육지 사이에 가장 짧은 거리는 400킬로미터예요.

it is catharsis for those who are discouraged by something their country is doing.
그것은 자신의 나라가 하고 있는 일에 실망한 사람들을 위한 정화법이다.

it is sad that some people believe that apostates should be killed.
일부 사람들이 변절자는 죽여야 한다고 생각한다는 것이 슬프다.

it is arbitrary and it is unfair.
그것은 제멋대로이고 불공평하다.

it is universally admitted that he is suitable for the post.
그가 적임자라는 점에 중의가 일치했다.

it is apparent that he wants to leave now.
그가 지금 떠나고 싶어하는 게 확실하다.

it is unclear to me whether she likes it or not.
그녀가 그것을 좋아하는지 어떤지 나는 잘 모르겠다.

it is desired that a diplomatic solution is preferable to war.
틀림없이 외교적 해결이 전쟁보다 더 바람직하다.

it is abhorrent to me.=i am abhorrent of it.
나는 그게 질색이다.

it is probable that the disease has a genetic element.
그 질병에는 유전적 요소가 있을 것 같다.

it is consoling that nobody was killed in the accident.
그 사고에 사망자가 없었다는 것은 불행 중 다행이다.

it is unthinkable that the united kingdom would relinquish its frontier controls.
영국이 그들 국경에 대한 통제를 포기할것이라는 것은 생각할 수 없다.

it is unsafe to play with matches.
성냥을 가지고 노는 것은 위험하다.

it is illustrated by the density of switching elements in these computer processors.
그것은 이러한 컴퓨터 프로세서의 전환 요소의 밀도로서 형상화된다.

it is moist , fruity and sparkled with spices.
풀잎의 이슬이 번쩍거렸다.

it is needless to ask who he is.
그가 누구인지 물어 볼 필요까지는 없다.

it is customary to use the right hand to shake hands.
악수는 오른손으로 하는 것이 관례다.

it is deplorable that scandals should occur so often in the political circle.
정계에 부정 사건이 빈발하는 것은 매우 통탄할 일이다.

it is conceivably the most complex machine ever built and represents technology unparalleled in the history of humankind.
생각건대 , 그것은 이제까지 만들어진 것 중 가장 복잡한 기계이고 , 인간 역사에 유래 없는 기술을 나타내고 있다.

it is chiefly(= mainly) because wullung island is surrounded by the sea on the four sides that it looks so beautiful.
울릉도가 그토록 아름답게 보이는 것은 사면이 바다로 둘러싸여 있기 때문이다.

it is questionable whether this is a good way of solving the problem.
이것이 그 문제를 해결하는 좋은 방법인지 의심스럽다.

it is questionable whether this led to a more informed decision.
이것이 더 현명한 결정을 내리게 했는지 여부는 의심스럽다.

it is scarcely big enough to be called a park.
공원이라고 말할 만큼 크지 않다.

it is heartrending to lose a promising young man in the extreme collision of national interest called war.
전쟁이라고 불리는 국가적인 이익의 극단적인 충돌에서 한 전도유망한 젊은이를 잃는 것은 비통한 일이다.

it is ungrateful of you to say that about him.=you are ungrateful to say that about him.
그에 관해서 그런 말을 하다니 자네는 배은 망덕하군.

it took a team of scientists , biologists and mathematicians six years to make caveman.
과학자 , 생물학자 , 그리고 수학자로 이루어진 팀이 이 caveman을 만드는 데는 6년이 걸렸어요.

it goes along the river , past the midtown bridge , and all the way to harbor square.
길이 강을 따라가다가 미드타운교를 지나서 하버스퀘어까지 쭉 뻗어 있어요.

it would help me , for sure , in a heartbeat.
그것은 제게 도움이 될 것입니다 , 확실히 , 당장이요.

it would be a tell tale sign.
이것은 숨길 수 없는 신호다.

it would be better to draw a veil over what happened next.
다음에 있을 일에 대해서는 함구를 하는 것이 좋을 것이다.

it would be fairly easy to find a knock-out chick like her.
그녀같이 깜짝놀랄만큼 예쁜 여자 애는 꽤 찾기 쉬울거야.

it would be unwise to buy the house before having it appraised.
집을 감정해 보지 않고 사는 것은 현명하지 못한 일이다.

it would have been wholly inapt.
그것은 전적으로 부당했다.

it would behoove us to wait to see the results.
그 결과를 기다리는 것이 우리의 마땅한 도리이다.

it does not take a genius to do the maths.
그 수학문제를 푸는 것은 그리 어렵지가 않다.

it does not take away from the force of the wright building. ".
이 건물은 라이트의 건물이 지닌 힘을 빼앗아 가지 않는다는 거지요.

it does not stop at the convention center.
컨벤션 센터에는 정차하지 않는다.

it does not even have a decent sewage works.
아직도 질이 괜찮은 하수 처리장이 없다.

it does not concern me that the people who caused me pain and humiliation are still walking free.
나는 내게 고통과 모욕감을 준 사람들이 여전히 자유롭게 걷고 있는 것에 대해 신경 쓰지 않아.

it does not censor or pass judgement on any content or subject matter.
그것은 어떤 내용물이나 하위 문제에 대한 판단을 검열하거나 그냥 넘기지 않는다.

it does tell the whole story of the anglo saxons and how they lived.
그것은 앵글로 색슨족과 그들이 어떻게 살았는지 전체의 이야기를 말해주고있다.

it very often snows there.=it snows there very often.
그곳에는 눈이 자주 온다.

it will not be easy to get through such a rugged road.
길이 험해서 지나가기가 쉽지 않겠다.

it will be all right in a minute , she said in a low voice not to disturb the audience around.
그녀는 " 곧 괜찮아질 거예요. " 라고 주위의 관객을 방해하지 않으려고 낮은 목소리로 말했다.

it will remain mild and breezy with winds gusting up to 30 miles per hour. temperatures will reach into the lower 70s.
바람이 최고 시속 30마일 까지 불 때도 있겠으나 전반적으로 따뜻하고 약한 바람이 불겠으며 , 최고 온도는 75도를 밑돌겠습니다.

it will require a huge military presence to hold down public unrest.
소요를 누르려면 군대의 주둔이 필요할 것이다.

it all seemed completely unreal accident.
그건 정말 비현실적인 사고로 보였다.

it smells terrible ! did somebody lay one ?.
냄새가 지독하군 ! 누가 방귀를 끼었는가 ?.

it can , for example , disrupt their school lives.
그것은 예를 들어 , 그들의 학교생활을 방해할 수 있다.

it can be just a crank call.
그냥 장난 전화일 수도 있어.

it can be difficult to get a group of people to cohere.
한 무리의 사람들을 긴밀히 협업하게 하는 것은 힘들 수 있다.

it can be sad or joyful , loud or soft.
그의 음악은 슬프거나 기쁠 수있으며 , 웅장하거나 부드러울 수 있습니다.

it can take years to reassemble the creative team behind the original film , and it better be worth the wait.
전작 영화를 만든 창의성 있는 제작진을 다시 불러 모으는데 수년이 걸릴 수가 있다. 그리고 오히려 그들을 기다릴 가치가 있다.

it can also be a symptom of hyperthyroid disease.
그것은 또한 갑상선기능항진병의 증상이 될수 있다.

it can also reduce pain and correct deformities.
이것은 또한 고통을 줄이고 기형을 교정 할 수 있다.

it can interfere with the air plane's equipment , sir.
그것이 비행기 장비에 장애를 초래할 수 있습니다 , 손님.

it could not inflict a slight buff on him.
그것은 그에게 조그만 타격도 입힐 수 없었다.

it could get very busy and stressful but i enjoy the work.
매우 바쁘고 스트레스도 받겠지만 전 그 일을 즐깁니다.

it could fly into space and back again and again.
그것은 우주로 날아갔고 되풀이했다.

it might also glamorize the prohibited artwork and play to the forbidden fruit and counterculture tendencies inherent in human nature.
어쩌면 이것은 금지된 예술을 더 돋보이게 하고 인간의 본성에 타고난 금지된 열매와 반문화적인 경향을 쫓게 할지도 몰라.

it had not been a pleasant week.
편안한 한 주를 보내지는 못했다.

it had been a long tiring day.
길고 피곤한 하루였었다.

it had red eyes and a huge mouth studded with long curving fangs.
그것은 빨간 눈 , 큰 입과 길고 뾰족한 송곳니를 가지고 있었다.

it used to be said that he would succeed.
그가 성공할 것이라고들 했었다.

it used to pile up unread.
그러다 보니 읽지도 않은 채 점점 쌓이기만 했어요.

it means i have been very aware of my financial situation.
저는 돈 걱정을 많이 하면서 자랐거든요.

it means that the world is not on track to achieve the world millennium development goals for hunger and poverty.
세계가 기아와 빈곤을 줄이기 위한 세계 새천년 발전 목표들을 달성하는 도상에 있지 않다는 것을 의미합니다.

it was a business that needed funding to cope with increased orders.
한 사업은 증가된 주문에 대처하기위한 기금을 필요로한다.

it was a front engine , rear wheel drive car.
그것은 엔진이 자동차의 앞쪽에 설치되고 , 뒷바퀴를 구동하는 자동차였다.

it was a real bargain. or it was a real good buy. or it was a steal.
정말 싸게 사셨네요.

it was a crisis for which she was totally unprepared.
그것은 그녀가 전혀 대비가 안 된 위기였다.

it was a total success from the get go.
출발부터 대성공이야.

it was a large tawny owl about 12in high.
그것은 12인치 크기의 큰 올빼미였다.

it was a spectacular achievement on their part.
그것은 그들로서는 극적인 위업이었다.

it was a bright , breezy day.
그 날은 화창하고 산들바람이 부는 날이었다.

it was a breathtaking moment seeing him.
그를 보는 순간 숨이 멎는 것 같았다.

it was a technically difficult job.
기술적으로 힘든 업무였다.

it was a lavish reception as befitted a visitor of her status.
그것은 그녀와 같은 신분의 방문자에게 걸맞은 호화로운 접대였다.

it was a mockery of a trial.
그것은 엉터리 재판이었다.

it was a graceful dismount.
우아하게 말에서 내렸다.

it was a colorless , almost odorless liquid with a sweetish taste.
그것은 달짝지근한 맛이 나는 무색의 , 그리고 거의 무취의 액체였다.

it was a bartholomew. our team never wins.
완벽한 패배였다. 우리 팀은 절대 승리하지 못했다.

it was a pyroclastic flow that destroyed pompeii and killed thousands in 79ad.
79년 , 폼페이를 파괴하고 수천명의 사람들을 죽인것은 바로 화쇄류였다.

it was not long till augustus and antony did not see eye to eye.
augustus와 antony 둘이 서로 뜻이 맞지 않은지는 그리 오래되지 않았다.

it was not intended to be pedantic.
고루하게 하려는 의도는 없었다.

it was the promise of better job opportunities versus the inconvenience of moving away and leaving her friends.
그것은 그녀가 멀리 이사를 가서 친구들을 떠나야 하는 불편에 비해 더 나은 취업 기회를 약속하는 것이었다.

it was the most painful thing when i had a toothache.
치통이 있을 때가 가장 고통스러웠다.

it was the month during which muhammad received the first of the koran's revelations.
이슬람교의 모하메드가 코란의 첫 계시를 받은 달로 여긴다.

it was the site of the ancient kingdom of nepal.
그 곳은 네팔의 고대 왕국이 있던 자리였다.

it was the older women and young mothers who sorted all the troublemakers out.
교장은 문제아들을 학교에서 뿌리채 뽑아 퇴학 처분하려고 한다.

it was the age of chivalry.
때는 기사도의 시대였다.

it was the rent money for this month.
그것은 이번 달에 지불할 방세에요.

it was the workhorse of the vietnam war.
그것은 베트남 전쟁에서의 주요한 장비였다.

it was the quintessence of an english manor house.
그것은 영국식 영주 주택의 전형이었다.

it was this joyful resurrection celebrated in his festivals.
그의 축제는 바로 이런 기쁨 넘치는 부활을 찬양하기 위한 것이었다.

it was up over 9 percent on wednesday , just dropping this morning.
주가는 수요일 9% 이상 상승했다가 , 오늘 아침들어 하락했습니다.

it was very fine of mary to absolve me of blame by admitting her blunder.
메리가 자신의 실수를 인정함으로써 나를 비난에서 벗어나게 한 것은 아주 잘한 일이었다.

it was very unusual to be sacked because of sickness in previous times.
이전에 앓았던 병 때문에 해고 당하는 것은 흔치 않는 일 이었다.

it was once again sold to moviegoers.
이것은 영화관람객들에게 다시 팔리기 시작했다.

it was my mistake that i trusted such a fellow. or i did wrong in trusting such a fellow.
저런 남자를 믿은 것이 나의 잘못이었다.

it was my life's dream to become a diplomat.
외교관이 되는 것이 내 인생의 꿈이었다.

it was all an illusion , of course , and new technical tools help moviemakers create more convincing illusions.
물론 그것은 환상입니다. 새로운 기술은 영화제작자들에게 더 크고 확실한 환상을 만들수 있게 해줍니다.

it was all linked up and the steroids made me depressed and short-tempered.
그건 모두 연관되어 있었으며 그 스테로이드는 나를 우울하고 조급하게 만들었다.

it was hard to allay his anger.
그의 화를 누그러뜨리기가 힘들었다.

it was hard for him to abjure the realm and emigrate.
영원히 고국을 떠날 것을 선서하기가 그에게 어려웠다.

it was on this day that they could see the wonderful silver spaceship zoo from outer space.
아이들이 외계로부터 온 멋진 은빛 우주선 동물원을 볼 수 있는 날이 바로 이날이었다.

it was never the aim of booksellers to sell books.
모든 책에는 10자리로 이루어진 국제표준서적번호가 있다. 이것은 각 도서의 해당 판의 고유한 식별 번호로 서점 , 도서관 , 유통업체는 이를 이용하여 해당.

it was never the aim of booksellers to sell books.
도서의 재고 상황을 파악할 수 있다.

it was raining heavily and visibility was poor.
비가 심하게 내려서 시계가 좋지 못했다.

it was an atrocious example of abuse.
그것은 학대의 한 끔찍한 예였다.

it was an homage to the glory days.
그것은 영광스러운 날에 대한 존경의 표시였다.

it was for her wit and vivacity that she was celebrated rather than her beauty.
그녀가 유명한 것은 미모 때문이라기보다 재치와 쾌활함 때문이었다.

it was another attempt to distract attention from the truth.
그것은 진실로부터 주의를 딴 데로 돌리려는 또 하나의 시도였다.

it was quiet after the storm blew over.
폭풍이 멈춘 후에 정적이 흘렀다.

it was long assumed that herod was buried in herodium , as a first century historian described seeing the tomb in a funeral process.
1세기의 한 역사학자가 장례 절차에서 그의 무덤을 봤다고 묘사하면서 오랫동안 헤롯이 헤로디움에 묻혔을 거라고 가정되어 왔다.

it was big enough to destroy a major city.
그것은 하나의 대도시를 파괴하기에 충분했다.

it was nothing but he screamed bloody murder.
아무것도 아니었는데도 그는 큰 일이 난 것처럼 소란을 피웠다.

it was found that the rear hippocampus of the drivers was larger than it was in the control group.
조사 결과 , 택시 기사들의 해마상 융기 뒷부분은 대조군 남성들의 것보다 더 큰 것으로 밝혀졌다.

it was one of those perfect english autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life. (p. d. james).
그 날은 실제보다 기억에서 더 자주 일어나는 그런 완벽한 가을날이었다. (p.d. 제임스 , 경험명언).

it was also the birthplace of the first web server (httpd) and the mosaic browser.
또한 최초의 웹 서버(httpd)와 mosaic 브라우저를 만들어낸 곳이기도 한다.

it was also this time in 1889 that yeats fell in love with maud gonne , a beautiful irish actress who was involved in the political struggle to end english rule in ireland.
또한 예이츠가 아일랜드의 영국 지배를 끝내기 위한 정치적 투쟁에 가담한 아름다운 아일랜드 여배우 모드 곤느와 사랑에 빠진 것도 1889년 이 때였습니다.

it was only when flood waters receded that insurance adjusters were able to see the full extent of the damage.
홍수 후 물이 빠지고 나서야 보험 사정인들은 전체 피해 상황을 파악할 수 있었다.

it was during this time that marie met an acclaimed professor in physics named pierre curie , a french scientist.
마리가 프랑스 과학자 피에르 퀴리라고 불리는 물리학에서 갈채 받는 교수를 만난 것은 이 시기였습니다.

it was easy to go up the gentle slope on our bicycles.
우리 자전거로 완만한 경사로를 올라가기가 쉬웠다.

it was because of his abysmal performance on the haskell account that johnson was fired.
존슨이 해고된 것은 하스켈 사와의 업무를 형편없이 처리했기 때문이었다.

it was such a spur-of-the-moment thing.
너무 충동적인 일이었어.

it was felt that the company had an unfair advantage vis- ? -vis smaller companies elsewhere.
그 기업이 다른 곳의 더 작은 기업들보다 부당한 이점을 갖는 것 같은 기분이 들었다 ,.

it was just so boring and had a very crappy story.
이건 그냥 너무 지루하고 형편없는 이야기야.

it was difficult to hear what he was saying over the hubbub.
왁자지껄 떠드는 소리 때문에 그가 하는 말을 듣기가 어려웠다.

it was black as styx last night that i could not see anything.
지난 밤에는 칠흑같이 어두워서 아무것도 볼 수 없었다.

it was further bolstered earlier this month when mbc , one of the nation's top terrestrial broadcasters , raised concerns by saying it could not find a hwang staffer who had actually seen the patient-specific stem cells.
이 문제는 이번 달 초에 주요지상파방송중의 하나인 mbc에서 , 환자맞춤형 줄기세포를 실제로 본 황 박사팀의 연구원이 한 사람도 만날 수 없었다고 보도하면서 , 문제를 제기했을 때 더욱 더 지지를 받았습니다.

it was really stormy last night.
어젯밤은 정말 폭풍우가 심했어요.

it was successful from the start.
그것은 애당초부터 성공적이었다.

it was considered polite to western men to kiss the hand of a lady.
숙녀의 손에 입을 맞추는 것은 서양 남자들에게 예의 바른 것으로 여겨졌다.

it was considered unsafe to release the prisoners.
그 죄수들을 석방하는 것은 위험하다고 여겨졌다.

it was nearly midnight before the celebrations and the formal negotiations could begin.
자정이 다 되어서야 이를 축하하는 행사와 정식 회담이 진행될 수 있었습니다.

it was determined that you can only listen during voice chat.
음성 채트를 하는 동안 듣는 것만 가능합니다.

it was almost a no-hitter for the dodger's pitcher.
다저스 팀의 투수가 거의 무안타 (경기)를 기록할 뻔했어요.

it was approved in the european union in 1998 for surgery involving the heart and blood vessels , and in 1999 for surgery involving the lung and trachea.
이 접착제는 1998년 유럽연합(eu)으로부터 심장과 혈관에 관련된 수술에 , 그리고 1999년에는 폐와 기관에 관련된 수술에 사용할 수 있도록 승인 받았다.

it was established in the nuremberg trials that sometimes international laws must override national ones.
때로는 국제법이 국내법을 전복시켜야 한다는 것이 뉘른베르크 재판에서 정립되었습니다.

it was male juvenile delinquent. the paper did not publish his name.
그게 비행 소년이 저지른 범죄였는데 , 신문에서는 그의 이름을 밝히지 않았어.

it was involved in the sino-indian war and the indo-pakistani war.
이곳은 시노-인도 전쟁과 인도-파키스탄 전쟁에 연루 되어 있었다.

it was surprising how he could bang out an essay.
그가 에세이를 단숨에 쓸 수 있어서 놀라웠다.

it was pure chance that i sat next to him.
그의 옆에 앉게 된 것은 순전히 우연이었다.

it was bush's second and final commencement speech of 2005.
그것이 부시대통령의 두번째이자 마지막 2005학년 졸업식연설이었다.

it was adjudged wise to take small risks.
큰 모험을 하지 않는 편이 현명한 것으로 생각되었다.

it was appropriately nicknamed silicon valley.
그에 걸맞게 실리콘 밸리라는 별명이 붙었다.

it was reliably learned that if saddam does offer an unconditional withdrawal , the president will immediately and publicly state allied terms for the iraqi pullout.
믿을 만한 소식통에 따르면 , 사담 후세인이 무조건 철수를 제의한다면 , 대통령은 이라크 철수에 대한 연합국측 조건을 즉시 공표할 것으로 알려졌다.

it was rash of me to say so.
내가 그런 말을 하다니 너무 경솔했다.

it was unseasonably mild for late january.
계절에 맞지 않게 겨울이 따뜻해서 공사일이 늘어났고 , 집과 아파트 신축이 최고치를 기록했다.

it was scrappy and a bit dislocated.
산만스럽고 약간 혼란스럽다 !.

it did not do a smite of good.
조금도 소용이 없었다.

it did not seem to be nighttime at all.
전혀 밤 같지가 않았다.

it did not hurt that he also had a phenomenal photographic memory for music.
사진으로 찍은 것처럼 악보를 선명하게 기억하는 요요마의 비범한 기억력도 큰 도움이 되었습니다.

it gives me great pleasure to introduce to you our new director of marketing , mr. hubert james.
우리 회사의 신임 마케팅부 부장 휴버트 제임스 씨를 여러분께 소개드리게 되어 대단히 기쁩니다.

it may be a hard nut to crack , but you can solve it.
어려운 문제겠지만 당신은 그것을 풀 수 있습니다.

it may be that we are creating a self fulfilling prophecy.
그것은 아마 우리가 자기 충족적 예언을 만들어 낸다는 것일 것이다.

it may be romantic fluff , but it is brightly done and all-but-irresistibly cute.
지나치게 낭만적일 수도 있지만 , 거부할 수 없을 정도로 귀엽고 밝게 만들어졌다.

it may look so to the uninitiated eye.
범안에는 그렇게 보일지도 모른다.

it appears that there were some sort of backdoor dealings going on during the process of negotiating the recent agreement.
이번 합의 과정에서 모종의 뒷거래가 있었던 것 같다.

it appears that export markets will be greatly diversified.
수출 시장이 훨씬 다변화될 것으로 보인다.

it came in his first day of questioning from senators.
이는 상원의 대법관 인준 청문회 첫날인 오늘 표명된 것입니다.

it also plans to bolster unifil , its peacekeeping force in the area , from 4 , 500 troops to roughly 8 , 000.
그것은 또한 레바논 주둔 유엔 잠정 평화군인 평화유지군을 4500명에서 8000명으로 보강할 계획을 가지고 있다.

it also provided support for more video standards and cd-rom drives.
또한 , 더 많은 비디오 표준과 cd-rom 드라이브를 제공했습니다.

it also lists a comprehensive ideology for the use of medicinal acupuncture and moxibustion methods to treat various diseases.
이것은 약효가 있는 침의 사용과 여러 가지 질병을 치료하기 위한 쑥뜸 등의 방법에 대해서 모든 것을 다 포함한 생각을 (경우의 수를) 정리 하고 있습니다.

it must be very interesting to have a pen pal.
펜팔 친구를 갖는다는 것은 무척 흥미있을 거야.

it comprised of the seven greatest monuments of the ancient world and goes as follows : great pyramid of giza , hanging gardens of babylon , temple of artemis at ephesus , statue of zeus at olympia , mausoleum of maussollos at halicarnassus , colossus of rhodes , lighthouse of alexandria.
그것은 고대 시대의 가장 위대한 7개의 유적지로 구성돼 있고 , 그것들은 다음과 같아요 : 기자의 피라미드 , 바빌론의 공중정원 , 에페소스의 아르테미스 신전 , 올림피아의 제우스상 , 할리카르나소스의 마우솔로스왕 영묘 , 로도스 섬의 거상 , 알렉산드리아의 파로스 등대.

it has a lot of scary and gruesome killings.
그것은 무섭고 섬뜩한 살인을 많이 가지고 있다.

it has a massive budget and a massive task.
그것은 막대한 예산과 막대한 일을 가지고 있어.

it has a retsina hue and tastes faintly of anis.
그것은 레치나 색을 띄고 옅은 아니스 맛이 났다.

it has more flavor than beef.
소고기보다 더 맛있다.

it has an unhealthy amount of butter.
버터가 너무 많아 건강에 좋지 않다.

it has been decided that the present cabinet (should) retain power.
현 내각은 눌러앉기로 결정했다.

it has been 25 years since the first case of hiv/aids was appeared.
에이즈 환자가 처음 세상에 알려진 것은 25년전의 일이었습니다.

it has become less cold. or it has become milder.
날씨가 눅졌다.

it has one of the world's last remaining rain forests , which is aptly named the heart of borneo.
이 섬은 " 보르네오의 심장 " 이라고 적절히 이름 붙여진 세계에 마지막으로 남아있는 열대 우림 중 한곳을 보유하고 있어요.

it has strange wings for a dragonfly.
잠자리치고는 날개가 이상하네.

it has contributed in no way to civilization.
그것은 문명에 기여한 바가 없다.

it makes my heart hurt to see the baby crying so bitterly.
어린애가 저렇게 우는 것을 보니 안타깝다.

it makes acceptable buttonholes in all sizes.
또한 어떤 사이즈의 단추 구멍도 만들 수 있는데요.

it comes in colors from beige to brown.
그것은 베이지색에서 갈색으로 색깔이 바뀐다.

it went up like a matchbox. there was nothing they could do to save it.
건물이 성냥갑처럼 순식간에 타올랐는데 , 완전 속수 무책이었대요.

it looked at 300 healthy people over 45 , 74 of them habitual knuckle crackers.
이 연구는 45세 이상의 건강한 사람 300명을 대상으로 했는데 , 그 중 74명이 손가락을 꺾는 습관을 지닌 이들이었다.

it felt as though someone was choking me.
누군가가 내 목을 조르는 것처럼 느껴졌다.

it just happened somehow. do not ask me how.
그냥 그렇게 되었습니다. 어쩌다가 그렇게 된 건지 묻지 마세요.

it just happens to grow right here in an easily accessible place.
산삼은 아주 쉽게 접근할수 있는 장소에서 자라고 있습니다.

it seems i ate too much. i feel quite unwell.
너무 먹었나 봐 속이 거북해.

it seems like your acting were falling wide of.
당신 행동이 너무 빗나가는 게 아닌가 싶어요.

it seems to me that he likes study.
내게는 그가 공부를 좋아하는 것으로 생각된다.

it seems she was predestined to be famous.
그녀는 유명해질 숙명을 타고난 것 같다.

it seems that the recent cold , wet weather has caused less damage to the strawberry crop than was originally feared.
최근 닥친 춥고 습기찬 날씨가 당초 우려했던 것보다 딸기 작황에 덜 피해를 입힌 것 같은데요.

it seems that tomatoes are not just pretty , but pretty healthful as well.
토마토는 모양도 예쁠 뿐만 아니라 건강에도 아주 좋은 것같습니다.

it seems unnatural for a child to spend so much time alone.
아동이 그렇게 많은 시간을 혼자 보낸다는 것은 비정상적인 것 같다.

it looks like i am destined to spend my whole life as a bachelor.
나는 총각으로 늙어 죽을 팔자인 것 같다.

it looks like a scorcher today.
오늘은 푹푹 찌는 날씨가 되겠어.

it looks like the company has a very slender chance for revival.
그 회사의 회생 가능성은 희박해 보인다.

it tastes a little bland to me.
내 입에는 조금 싱겁다.

it began to blow a gale at night into the bargain.
밤에는 바람마저 불기 시작했다.

it proved stable , but was found to be extremely slow and unpolished.
그것은 안정적인 것으로 밝혀졌으나 , 속도가 너무 늦고 잘 다듬어지지 않은 사실도 발견되었다.

it uses 50% less of our precious water than other brands use.
소중한 물도 다른 세탁기보다 50퍼센트 적게 사용합니다.

it happened to toddy gutner recently.
최근 토디 거트너 씨에게도 이런 일이 있었습니다.

it seemed he had a streak of stopping by my room.
그가 내 방에 들렸던 기미가 있는 것 같다.

it seemed that she was disappointed.
그녀는 실망했다.

it helps if you go out of your way to cultivate the local people.
자기 방식을 벗어나 지역 사람들과 관계를 다지면 도움이 된다.

it takes no experience to criticize.
비평하는 데에는 경험이 전혀 필요하지 않습니다.

it takes two to tango - managers and shareholders.
경영인과 주주 모두가 필요하다.

it shows what a softy i am.
그건 내가 얼마나 부드러운 사람인가를 보여준다.

it costs ten dollars per square foot.
1평방 피트 당 10달러입니다.

it cost me lots of labor.
그것 때문에 난 많은 힘이 들었다.

it caused outrage in china , some say reopening old war wounds.
중국을 격분하게 만들었던 이 사건이 오래된 전쟁의 상처를 다시 건드렸다고 말하는 사람도 있습니다.

it determined priorities , allocated raw materials , and fixed prices.
그것이 우선 사항을 결정했고 , 가공되지 않은 재료를 할당했으며 , 가격을 조정했다.

it leaves much to be desired as she weaves all pieces on the same loom.
그녀가 모두 같은 방법으로 다루기 때문에 불만스러운 점이 많아.

it needs an expert's eye to distinguish it from the real thing.
그것을 감별하려면 전문가의 안식이 필요하다.

it turned out she was one of those faceless bureaucrats who control our lives.
그녀가 우리의 삶을 통제하는 익명의 관료들 중 한 사람이라는 것이 밝혀졌다.

it turned out someone had actually hacked into my computer and started a file sharing session.
알고 보니 누가 내 컴퓨터에 해킹을해 들어와서 파일을 공유하고 있는 거 있지.

it cut tariffs on hong kong exports to the mainland and lifted restrictions on chinese tourists.
본토에 수출하는 홍콩 상품에 대한 관세를 인하했고 , 중국 관광객의 (홍콩 방문) 규제도 철폐했습니다.

it requires more courage to suffer than to die. (napoleon bonaparte).
죽는 일보다 고통 받는 일이 더 많은 용기를 필요로 한다. (나폴레옹 보나파르트 , 용기명언).

it requires far less effort to be truthful than to be deceitful , and in the long run the risks are fewer and the rewards greater.
속이는 것보다 진실한 게 훨씬 힘이 덜 들며 결국 그 위험은 덜하고 보상은 더 크다.

it requires muscle overload (performed with proper technique) , wholesome nutrients to provide energy and growth and adequate rest for muscle growth and development.
이것은 근육에 무게를 더하고(적절한 기술로 행해진) , 에너지와 성장을 위한 건강에 좋은 영양분을 제공하고 , 그리고 근육 성장과 발달을 위한 적절한 휴식을 필요로 합니 다.

it gets too windy at this time of the year.
매년 이맘때는 바람이 너무 불어.

it tells its own tale that prevention is better than cure.
예방이 치료보다 낫다는 것은 자명하다.

it tells us there is one right way to do things , to look , to behave , to feel , when the only right way is to feel your heart hammering inside you and to listen to what its timpani is saying.
그것은 우리들에게 어떤 것을 하고 , 보고 , 행동하고 , 느끼는 올바른 방법은 오로지 한 가지밖에 없다고 가르쳐 주기 때문이며 실제로 옳은 방 법이란 여러분 내부에서 울리는 마음을 느끼고 팀파니처럼 쿵쿵대는 그 소리에 귀 기울이는 것입니다.

it draws several thousand unique visitors a day.
하루에 수천에 달하는 특이한 방문객들이 이 사이트를 찾습니다.

it offers opportunities for advancement within the company.
회사 내부에서 승진할 기회를 제공한다.

it served as an annotated agenda for the commissioner's conference.
셰익스피어 극의 주석본은 독자들이 옛 고어를 이해할 수 있게 해준다.

it increases the chance of a very dangerous mutation occurring.
아주 위험한 돌연 변이가 일어날 가망성도 높아집니다.

it increases nerve energy in the entire body.
본 동작은 신체의 신경 에너지를 증대 시켜줍니다.

it probably comes from prolonged standing on uneven streambeds and carrying heavy gear , and shoulder soreness from the repetitive motion of casting.
그것은 아마도 고르지 않은 강바닥에 오랜 시간 서 있거나 무거운 장비를 나르거나 혹은 낚싯줄을 반복적으로 던지기 때문에 생기는 어깨 통 증 등이 원인인 것으로 여겨집니다.

it affected my life on a daily basis.
그건 매일 같이 제 삶에 영향을 주었습니다.

it affected each human in a negative way.
그것은 각 사람에게 부정적으로 영향을 미친다.

it provides a second communications bus within the pc that is used to multiplex up to 256 full-duplex voice channels from one voice card to another.
이것은 pc 내에 하나의 음성 카드에서 최고 256개의 전이 중 음성 채널을 멀티플렉스하는데 사용되는 보조 통신 버스를 제공한다.

it provides a second communications bus within the pc that is used to multiplex up to 256 full-duplex voice channels from one voice card to another.
제 무지를 용서해 주세요 , duplex가 뭔가요 ?.

it rests on a firm basis.
공고한 기초 위에 서 있다.

it sounded like two pieces of wood rubbing together.
그것은 두 개의 나무토막이 서로 맞문질러지는 소리 같았다.

it performs arithmetic functions perfectly well , but the memory function does not operate.
수 계산기능은 완벽하게 작동했는데 , 메모리 기능이 작동하지 않더군요.

it flooded annually at about the same time of year , and was very predictable.
매년 같은 시기에 홍수가 발생하므로 이를 예측하는 것은 매우 쉽다.

it stems from a pagan tradition of burning large oak logs for good luck.
이 전통은 복을 바라며 커다란 떡갈나무 통나무를 태우던 비기독교 전통에 기원을 두고 있다.

it suddenly dawned upon me that i had an appointment.
불현듯 약속이 생각났다.

it strains out lazy , impulsive confessors.
나태하고 충동적인 고해자들을 걸러내는 역할을 하는 것이다.

it bounced two times and finally landed on the ground.
공은 두번 튀어 오르더니 마지막에 땅에 놓여졌다.

it spells out the payment and copyright terms , deadlines , that kind of thing.
지불 금액과 저작권 조건 , 마감일 등을 명시해 놓았어요.

it facilitates the browning of cut or bruised produce by catalyzing a reaction between the molecule catechol and the oxygen in the atmosphere.
그것은 분자 카테콜과 대기의 산소 사이의 반응을 촉진하여 베이거나 멍든 것의 갈색으로 변하게 하는 것을 용이하게 합니다.

it determines one-way or two-way communications and manages the dialog between both parties ;.
단방향 통신이나 양방향 통신을 결정하고 두 층 간의 대화를 관리합니다.

it behooves the government to adopt a policy that will lead the thought of the people to an entirely different channel.
정부는 민심을 일신시킬 수 있는 정책을 세워야 한다.

it transpired that she was not that girl.
그녀가 그 소녀가 아니었다는게 밝혀졌다.

it drizzles. or the rain is drizzling down. or a gentle rain is falling.
비가 부슬부슬 내리고 있다.

it denotes a student sitting under the feet of his guru to learn.
그것은 배우기 위해 그의 스승의 발 아래 앉아 있는 한 학생을 보여준다.

it deflects the sun's ultraviolet rays into space.
태양의 자외선을 우주로 빗나가게 한다.

it nettles me that she never close the door.
그녀가 절대로 문을 닫지 않는것에대해 나는 화가났다.

it astonishes me (that) he could be so thoughtless.
그가 그렇게 생각이 없다니 정말 놀랍다.

much of the region is lowland.
그 지역은 많은 부분이 저지대이다.

much of the campaign's success was due to the unwavering support of the volunteer staff.
캠페인이 성공하기까지는 자원 봉사자들의 전폭적인 지원이 가장 큰 힘이 되었다.

much of this is attributable to industrial pollution wafting over from the chinese mainland , regularly obscuring the view and exacerbating health problems.
많은 부분이 중국 본토에서 실려오는 산업공해 때문인데 , 정기적으로 시야를 흐리게 하고 건강 문제를 악화시킨다.

much of it is outdated or obsolete.
그것의 대부분이 구식이거나 쓸모가 없다.

much controversy surrounds the film regarding its violence and brutality.
그 영화의 폭력성과 잔인성에 대해 큰 논란이 일고 있다.

always set the cylinder outside of the space , and run the hose or tubing into the space.
비좁은 공간에서 사용해야 할 경우에는 실린더를 항상 밖에 두고 호스나 튜브는 안쪽으로 끌어 오십시오.

always walk facing the oncoming traffic.
항상 다가오는 차를 마주보고 걸어라.

always notify credit-card companies and banks in writing , sending your letters by certified mail with a return receipt.
당신의 편지를 배달 증명서와 함께 배달 증명 우편으로 보내어 , 신용카드 회사와 은행에 항상 서면으로 통지하세요.

before , i did not know anything about a tsunami.
전에는 , 쓰나미에 대해 몰랐어요.

before you know it , you will have a rich , fully-featured messaging system up and running for far less than comparable groupware.
미처 알아차리기도 전에 당신은 이미 다른 기타 유사 그룹웨어보다 더 저렴한 비용으로 많은 완벽한 기능을 갖춘 메시징 시스템을 장착시켜 가동하실 수 있을 것입니다.

before you take the picture , adjust the distance with the zoom.
찍기 전에 줌(렌즈)로 거리를 조절하세요.

before you continue , you should read the dns checklists in help.
계속하기 전에 도움말에 있는 dns 검사 목록을 읽으십시오.

before you continue , we recommend that you read the checklists in dns help.
계속하기 전에 dns 도움말에 있는 검사 목록을 읽는 것이 좋습니다.

before we start the meeting , i'd like to congratulate chris alexander.
회의를 시작하기 전에 , 크리스 알렉산더에게 축하를 보내고 싶습니다.

before long i will be the spitting image of my grandfather , round and bald.
머지 않아 둥그런 몸집과 대머리를 가지고 있는 나의 할아버지와 쏙 닮을 것이다.

before long they devised a number of ball games.
오래지 않아 그들은 많은 공놀이를 고안해 냈다.

before school starts , chester street junior high school is going to be intergraded.
학교가 시작하기 전 , 체스터 가의 중학교는 변화하기 시작했다.

before using these disks , add them to your system configuration.
디스크를 사용하기 전에 사용자 시스템 구성에 먼저 추가해야 합니다.

before writing his acclaimed bestseller on the cheetah , dr. unger spent 14 years living in the african bush.
웅거 박사는 치타에 관한 자신의 인기 베스트셀러를 쓰기 전에 아프리카의 숲 속에서 살면서 14년이나 지냈다.

before releasing their album , 2ne1 came out with a song called lollipop.
앨범을 발매하기 전 , 2ne1은 " 롤리팝 " 이라는 노래를 발표했습니다.

before 1950 , there were no malls , but now almost every city has come shopping malls.
1950년 이전에는 , 몰이 없었지만 이제는 거의 모든 도시에 쇼핑몰들이 있다.

before deciding to run for governor , she had been a successful lawyer.
주지사 출마를 결정하기 전에 그녀는 변호사로 성공을 거두고 있었다.

most people think that as humans age , they become less adept at performing routine tasks.
대부분의 사람들은 나이를 먹으면 일상적인 일을 수행하는 능력이 떨어진다고 생각합니다.

most people know that stringed instruments made by the italian master stradivari are worth a lot of money.
대부분 사람들은 이탈리아 명인 스트라디바리가 만든 현악기는 고액의 가치를 가진다는 것을 알고 있다.

most people said that pay was their main motivation for working.
많은 사람들이 보수가 근로의 주된 동기라고 말했다.

most children can find something to relate to in the hundred-acre wood , the home of pooh and his friends.
대부분의 아이들은 푸우와 그의 친구들의 집인 100에이커 우드에서 공감할 수 있는 것들을 찾을 수 있다.

most parents cringe at the sight of their children sucking their thumbs.
대부분의 부모들은 아이가 엄지손가락을 빠는 걸 보면 질색을 하곤 한다.

most of the patients are heavily sedated.
그 환자들 대부분이 진정제를 잔뜩 투여받은 상태이다.

most of the people i know have not lived much better with their second wives or husbands than with their first.
내가 아는 대부분의 사람들은 그들의 두 번째 배우자들과 살 때가 첫 번 째 배우자와 살 때 보다 더 잘살아가지 못한다는 사실을 알고 있다.

most of the children in the orphanage have malaria.
고아원에 있는 대부분의 아이들은 말라리아에 걸려있다.

most of the area is submerged.
그 지역의 대부분이 물에 잠겼다.

most of the native fish in the black sea have been wiped out due to these plankton-eating jellies.
흑해 토착 물고기들의 대부분이 플랑크톤을 먹는 이 해파리 때문에 없어졌습니다.

most of the u.s airline industry has been battered by weak revenue and soaring fuel costs.
미국 항공사의 대부분은 솟구치는 연료 가격과 낮은 수익률에 의해 상황이 악화되어갔다.

most of the tears we make are cleansing tears.
우리가 흘리는 눈물은 대부분 눈을 깨끗이 씻기 위한 것입니다.

most of the travelers who sport canadian flags , insignias and brands are americans hoping you will think they are canadians.
캐나다 국기 , 기장 , 상표들을 내보이고 다니는 여행자들 대부분은 캐나다인처럼 보이고 싶어하는 미국인들입니다.

most of the cobblestone streets are covered over with tar now.
대부분의 자갈 길이 지금은 타르로 포장되어 있다.

most of the unanswered issues concern the timing of the deal , rather than its substance.
해결되지 않은 문제들은 대부분 거래의 세부 조항이 아니라 적절한 시기와 관련된 것이다.

most of the cash-strapped latin na- tions are steadily sinking even more deeply into debt.
돈에 궁한 대개의 라틴 아메리카 국가들은 지금까지보다도 더 깊이 빚의 늪에 꾸준히 빠져들고 있다.

most of an iceberg is under water.
빙산의 대부분은 바다 밑에 잠겨있다.

most of these languages are from the khoi-san family and have no official status.
이러한 언어들 중 대부분은 코이산 어군에서 왔으며 공식적인 지위를 누리지 못하고 있다.

most of them were hard money stalwarts as well.
그들 대부분도 역시 지독히 돈을 신봉하는 사람들이었다.

most students would not of their own volition read the book from cover to cover.
대부분의 학생들은 자발적으로 책을 처음부터 끝까지 읽지 않는다.

most home based lans use a small router that connects to the homes internet connection (cable internet , dsl , or dial up).
대부분의 가정용 랜은 가정 인터넷 연결을 하는 작은 라우터를 사용합니다(케이블 인터넷 , dsl 혹은 다이얼 업).

most were men , but there was also a sprinkling of young women.
대부분이 남자였지만 젊은 여자들도 드문드문 있었다.

most countries with organ transplant programmes also have legislation banning payments for organ donation.
장기 이식 프로그램을 가진 대부분의 나라들은 또한 장기 기증을 위한 지불을 금지하는 법률을 가지고 있다.

most women feel sick in the mornings during the first months of pregnancy.
임신 첫 달에 대부분의 여성들은 아침에 메스꺼움을 느낀다.

most security breaches come from users' unwitting interaction with password thieves.
대부분의 보안상의 결함은 사용자와 암호 도둑과의 무의식적인 상호작용에서 기인한다.

most snakes move at night and steer clear of urban areas.
대부분 뱀들은 야간에 이동하고 도시지역은 피한다.

most parts of the catskills are commutable direct from grand central station.
catskills의 모든 지역은 grand central 역에서 바로 통근 가능하다.

most foreign workers are being taught by korean coworkers or volunteers who have no or little teaching experience.
많은 외국인 노동자들은 교육 경험이 거의 없는 한국인 직장 동료나 자원 봉사자들에게 배우고 있다.

most foreign tourists to korea come in spring or autumn.
한국에는 봄이나 가을에 관광객이 많다.

most historians believe the first real rodeo was held in kansas in 1882 , and was organized by colonel george miller of the famous 101 ranch.
대부분의 역사가들은 최초의 진짜 로데오는 1882년 캔자스에서 열렸으며 , 유명한 101 목장의 조지 밀러 대령이 조직한 것이라고 한다.

most babies adore this combination , but avocados are high in unsaturated fat , so go easy on this dish.
대부분 아기들은 이 혼합을 좋아하지만 아보카도는 불포화 지방 함량이 높습니다. 그러므로 이 식사를 너무 많이 하지 마세요.

most passengers are polite , but some are rude.
대부분의 승객들은 친절하나 무례 한 분도 몇 분 계십니다.

most tourists have an idealized idea of hollywood and downtown l. a. , when in reality there's not much to see.
대부분의 관광객들은 할리우드와 로스앤젤레스 도심지에 대해 이상적으로 생각하고 있으나 실제로는 볼 것이 별로 없다.

most users of wireless networks do not change the default password provided by the router vendor.
무선 네트워크의 대부분의 사용자들은 발송담당 자동기기에 의해 제공된 디폴트값 비밀번호를 바꾸지 않습니다.

most ancient people played games which simulated combat , like wrestling and boxing.
대부분의 고대 사람들은 레슬링과 권투와 같은 전쟁을 모방한 게임을 했다.

most crucial are the ground rules that underlie such a decision.
그러한 결정의 근간이 되는 기본 원칙들이 대단히 중요하다.

most businesses today tend to lead towards pure competition , or monopoly.
요즘 대부분의 비즈니스들은 순수 경쟁 또는 모노폴리 경쟁을 하려는 경향이 있다.

most hotels in france do not have bathes.
프랑스의 호텔 대부분은 목욕을 할 수 없다.

most bulldogs have drool and slobber tendencies.
대부분의 불독은 침을 질질 흘리는 경향이 있다.

most disturbing was that major american and international companies advertised on these marketing portals for child pornography.
대부분의 혼란은 다수의 미국인과 국제적인 회사들이 어린이 포르노를 위해 상업적인 포털 사이트에서 광고했던 것입니다.

most backboards are made of clear fiberglass or metal.
대부분 백보드(농구골대의)는 유리섬유나 금속으로 만들어진다.

most welsh citizens live in the southern part of the region , particularly in swansea and newport.
대부분의 웨일즈 시민들은 남쪽 지역에 사는데 특히 스완시와 뉴포트에 많이 산다.

most hummingbirds are only 8~10 centimeters long.
대부분의 벌새는 몸길이가 8~10 센티미터 밖에 되지 않아요.

most hoax calls are made by 10 and 11-year-olds.
대개 10살에서 11살 아이들이 장난전화를 한다.

people in the more developed countries have plenty of food to eat.
선진국 사람들은 먹을 것이 풍족하다.

people in the smaller villages may choose to wear the wide-brimmed hats , known as sombreros.
작은 마을 사람들은 솜브레로라고 불리는 챙이 넓은 모자를 쓰기도 한다.

people are in line to ride the camel.
사람들이 낙타에 타려고 줄 서 있다.

people are very social creatures , and need to feel a sense of belonging.
인간은 사회적 동물이며 , 따라서 소속감을 느끼고 싶어한다.

people are on a picnic eating fried chicken and biscuits.
소풍에 간 사람들이 프라이드 치킨과 비스킷을 먹고 있다.

people are looking at the monitor.
사람들이 모니터를 보고 있다.

people are more likely to remember an internet address than a toll-free telephone number.
사람들은 무료통화 전화번호보다는 인터넷 주소를 더 잘 기억할 것이다.

people are getting into a lather about this partly because of the headline.
사람들은 표제 때문에 이것에 대해 부분적으로 열을 내고 있다.

people are shipping their goods overseas.
사람들이 자신의 물건을 해외로 발송하고 있다.

people are standing in the kitchen.
사람들이 부엌에 서있다.

people would always tease that we were boyfriend and girlfriend.
사람들은 우리가 예전에 남자친구 여자친구 사이였다고 항상 놀려댈 것이다.

people get caught up in their so-called nationalistic spirit for their home team , but alcohol really fuels a lot of this reaction in the stands.
사람들이 자신들의 홈팀을 맹목적으로 추종하는 탓도 있지만 , 술이야말로 관중석의 열기에 기름을 퍼붓는 역할을 합니다.

people often can not talk correctly and are very spastic.
사람들은 종종 정확하게 말할수가 없고 매우 저능아 같다.

people have been watching the lt ; winter sonatagt ; in 20 countries including japan.
일본 등 20개국 사람들이 겨울연가를 시청하고 있다.

people have been saying for years that technical people have arrogant , condescending attitudes toward the users.
사람들은 수년간 기술자들이 사용자들에게 오만하고 뻐기는 자세를 보이고 있다고 말하고 있다.

people have been dropping like flies because of sars !.
사람들이 중증 급성 호흡기증후군 때문에 파리처럼 죽어가니까요 !.

people have reported sightings of this long necked creature over the years.
사람들은 수년 간 이 긴 목을 가진 생명체를 목격했다는 보고를 해왔다.

people have troubles accepting such surreal beauty.
사람들은 초현실적인 아름다움을 받아 들이는 데에 어려움이 있다.

people have loudly expressed their worries regarding the government's recent measures.
정부의 이번 조치에 대해 우려의 목소리가 높다.

people of many religions believe that god is eternal.
많은 종교인들은 신은 영원한 존재라고 믿는다.

people think the decision was unjust.
사람들은 그 결정이 공정하지 않았다고 생각한다.

people see the big dipper first when they look at the night sky.
사람들은 밤 하늘을 바라볼 때 북두칠성을 먼저 본다.

people listen to weather forecasts when there is going to be a hurricane.
사람들은 허리케인이 올 예정일 때 일기예보를 듣는다.

people can lie without being deceitful and be deceitful without being liars.
사람들은 부정직하지 않아도 거짓말을 하고 , 거짓말쟁이가 아니어도 기만적으로 된다.

people learning to fly often practice on a flight high-visibility simulator.
비행을 배우는 사람들은 비행 고선명 모의 장치에서 실습하는 경우가 많다.

people with narcolepsy fall asleep without warning , anywhere and at any time.
기면증이 있는 사람들은 언제 어디서든 예고 없이 잠에 빠져든다.

people used to live on their humps long time ago.
사람들은 오래전에 자급자족했다.

people used money to trade things.
사람들은 물건을 매매하는 데 화폐를 사용했다.

people say that fashion models have their garret unfurnished although that statement is not really true.
사람들은 이런 말이 정말 사실이 아님에도 불구하고 패션 모델들이 머리속이 텅 비어 있다고 한다.

people who are unprepared will face difficulties.
준비가 안 된 사람들은 어려움을 겪게 될 겁니다.

people who eat fish , it seems , stay sharper for longer.
생선을 먹는 사람들은 정신을 더 오랫동안 또렷하게 유지하는 것 같습니다.

people were gathered to protest the beauty pageant.
미인대회에 반대하기 위해 사람들이 모였다.

people were terrorized into leaving their homes.
사람들이 공포에 사로잡혀 자신들의 집을 떠났다.

people must take responsibility for their own misgivings not keep blaming the government , god and other third parties.
사람들은 정부 , 신 , 그리고 다른 제3자을 비난하지 말고 그들 자신의 잘못에 대해 책임을 져야 한다.

people started to trade for what they needed.
사람들은 필요로 하는 것을 물물교환하기 시작했다.

people moved exactly according to the previously made scenario.
사람들은 미리 짜여진 각본대로 일사불란하게 움직였다.

people criticized the preacher for selling jesus for his own profit.
사람들은 그 목사가 예수를 팔아먹고 있다고 비난했다.

people cooked their food in large pots , and hasty eaters then broke tiny branches off trees to pick out the hot food.
사람들은 커다란 단지에 음식을 요리했는데 음식 먹기에 급한 사람들은 그 뜨거운 음식을 집어내기 위해 나무에서 작은 가지들을 꺾었다.

people drank hemlock to commit suicide in ancient times.
고대에는 자살하려 할 때 독미나리로 만든 독약을 마셨다.

people tend to use a lot of disposable products.
사람들은 1회용 물건을 많이 사용하는 경향이 있다.

people laughed at the loudness of her clothing.
사람들은 그녀의 화려한 옷을 비웃었다.

people alter their voices in relationship to background noise.
사람들은 자신의 목소리를 배경 소음들과 관련지어 달리 낸다.

people retiring at 60 would remain on this decremented rate for the remainder of their lives.
60세에 은퇴하는 사람들은 그들 인생의 남은 기간 동안 이 감소된 비율로 남을 것이다.

people instinctively try to compromise when faced with a new situation.
사람이 새로운 상황에 처하면 본능적으로 타협하려고 한다.

people thronged to hear the preacher.
목사의 이야기를 들으려고 사람들이 모여들었다.

people ebbed away from the venue after the event.
행사가 끝나자 사람들이 썰물처럼 행사장을 빠져나갔다.

learn all about your game controller.
게임 컨트롤러의 모든 것을 익힙니다.

swim.
헤엄을 치다.

when i am not working on a film , i stay creative with that , the hip-hop-loving adam has said.
영화 일을 하지 않을 때는 창작활동을 합니다 , 라고 힙합을 사랑하는 브로디는 말한다.

when i work 15 months i paid my 10 , 000 birr.
나는 바레인에서 15개월 동안 일해 만 비르의 빚을 갚았습니다.

when i see litter in the sea , i always pick it up.
나는 바다에서 쓰레기를 보았을때 언제나 줍는다.

when i talk to her , i always feel like she's too sarcastic. she has a quite dig at me.
그녀와 얘기하면 난 항상 그녀가 빈정대는 것 같다. 그녀는 은근히 나를 비꼰다.

when i was at school , we were required to memorize a poem week after week.
내가 학교에 다닐 때 우리는 매주 시 한 편을 외워야 했다.

when i saw blood dripping from my nipple , i rushed to my family doctor.
내 젖꼭지에서 핏방울이 떨어지는 것을 보았을 때 , 나는 가족 주치의에게 급히 달려갔다.

when i discovered my distaste toward science during 5th grade biology class , i quickly realized that the astronautic field was not for me.
제가 5학년 생물 시간에 과학 과목을 싫어한다는 것을 발견하고는 재빨리 우주 과학 분야가 제게 맞지 않는다는 것을 깨달았어요.

when i thought of a loophole , the teacher said every leaf has to be a different kind.
빠져나갈 구멍을 생각해 냈을 때 , 선생님께서 나뭇잎이 모두 다른 종류여야 한다고 말씀하시더라고.

when i first went to new york , it all felt very alien to me.
내가 처음 뉴욕에 갔을 때 그곳은 너무 낯설었다.

when i quit it again to be a full-time novelist , they said i was nuts again.
전업 소설가가 되기 위해 또다시 그걸 그만두었을 때 , 또 사람들은 제가 제정신이 아니라고 얘기했습니다.

when i bought a candy to my nephew , he danced a hornpipe.
조카한테 사탕을 사줬더니 기뻐서 깡총깡총 뛰었다.

when i clap my hands you will wake up and smell the coffee.
제가 박수를 치면 당신은 깨어나게 됩니다.

when he read a review that blamed his product , he got his dander up.
그는 그의 작품에 대해 비난하는 비평을 읽었을 때 화를 냈다.

when he was 2 , his sicilian stonemason father walked out on the family , leaving his mother to raise him.
그가 2살 때 시칠리아인으로 석공일을 하셨던 그의 아버지는 어머니에게 그의 양육을 맡긴 채 가족을 버리고 떠나 버렸다.

when he came back from the backpacking trip , he looked like a bum.
그는 배낭여행을 마친 후 거지꼴을 하고 돌아왔다.

when he died , he devised his house to his daughter.
그는 죽으면서 딸에게 집을 물려줬다.

when he placed his hat askew upon his head , his observers laughed.
그가 모자를 삐딱하게 머리에 얹어놓자 지켜보던 사람들이 웃음을 터뜨렸다.

when he spoke , his bitterness showed through.
그가 말을 할 때 그의 신랄함이 언뜻언뜻 드러났다.

when he behaves badly , she admonishes him.
그가 삐딱하게 행동하면 그녀는 그를 훈계한다.

when is the vinaigrette added to the potatoes ?.
비네그레트 소스를 감자에 뿌리는 때는 ?.

when is it coming out in paperback ?.
그 책은 언제 페이퍼백으로 나오나요 ?.

when a war breaks out the whole city will be engulfed by a deluge of fire.
전쟁이 일어나면 시 전체가 불바다가 될 것이다.

when a person smokes while drinking alcohol , he may get drunk faster due to the synergy between the two.
술을 마실 때 담배를 피우면 상승작용이 일어나 빨리 취한다.

when in rome , do as the romans do.
로마에 있을 때는 로마 사람들이 하는 대로 하시오.

when the rest of the world will lend to us that 4% for ten years , there is clearly no liquidity problem here.
다른 나라들이 미국에게 10년간 4% 금리로 돈을 빌려준다면 분명 유동성 문제는 없을 것입니다.

when the sky become darker , her shadow appear in sight.
좀 더 어두워지자 그녀의 그림자가 보이기 시작했다.

when the bank examiners arrived to hold their annual audit , they discovered the embezzlements of the chief cashier.
연례 회계 감사를 하러 나온 은행 감독원들이 회계 담당 부장의 횡령 사실을 발견했다.

when the earthquake hit , the house shook violently.
지진이 발생하자 집이 심하게 진동했다.

when the air becomes more polluted , the acidity can increase , resulting in a ph value of 4.
공기가 더욱 오염될 때 , 산도는 ph 4까지 올라갈 수 있어요.

when the war ended , people finally had cause to rejoice.
전쟁이 끝나자 사람들은 마침내 크게 기뻐할 일이 생겼다.

when the tree blew down , it threw a scare into me.
나무가 넘어졌을 때 난 너무 놀랐다.

when the south proposed that the two sides give prior notice of military maneuvers , the north again refused.
남측이 양측의 군사기동 연습을 사전에 통보하자고 제안했을 때 북측은 또다시 거절했다.

when the enemy approached , the guy played opossum.
적이 다가왔을 때 그는 죽은 체했다.

when the alarm sounds , we are supposed to walk down the winding steps and regroup in the parking lot across the street.
경보가 울리면 나선형 계단으로 내려가서 길건너 주차장에 모여야 돼요.

when the bell rings , line up in the hallway without any fuss.
벨이 울리면 조용히 복도에 나가 줄을 서십시오.

when the allied nations forces , led by handsome redhead col.
멜라닌 색소가 주름이 생기는 것을 방지 해 주기 때문에 주근깨가 많은 빨간 머리 사람들이 더 빨리 늙어 , 그 사람들은 멜라닌 색소가 상대적 으로 적거든.

when the burglar entered my shop , merlin was screaming for rhonda.
그 강도가 가게 안으로 들어왔을 때 , 메를린은 론다를 찾으며 비명을 질렀습니다.

when the heather is in bloom in ireland , it's a beautiful sight.
아일랜드에 히스 꽃이 만발할 때면 아름다운 광경을 이룬다.

when the spaghetti is done , drain and butter it.
스파게티가 다 되면 , 빼내서 버터를 발라라.

when the tree's leaves die so does their ability to produce food through photosynthesis.
나뭇잎이 시들어감에따라 광합성을 통한 양분생산 능력도 퇴화된다.

when you go to college , you will be nobody , but at sis you could be a celebrity if you wanted , man !.
네가 대학에 가면 , 넌 아무 것도 아닐지도 모르지만 , 서울 국제 학교에서는 네가 원한다면 , 유명인사가 될 수도 있는데 말야 !.

when you are done , sit quietly for a minute or two.
다 했으면 잠시 조용하게 앉아 있어라.

when you are simply coming to the office and have no client interactions scheduled , the dress code is business casual.
사무실 실내 업무만 있고 고객 상담 스케줄이 없을 때의 복장 규정은 평상 근무복입니다.

when you are nominated for something like that , what do you start saying to yourself ?.
그럼 후보에 올랐을 때 , 마음 속으로 어떤 생각이 들던가요 ?.

when you have to refute something they say , explain why.
당신이 그들이 말한 것에 반박해야만 할때 , 이유를 설명하여라.

when you have finished testing , or installing applications on the computer , click the reseal button below.
컴퓨터에서 응용 프로그램 테스트나 설치를 마쳤으면 , 아래에서 을 클릭하십시오.

when you open radio tuner , you can access radio stations from around the world , but you must be connected to the internet.
라디오 튜너를 열어 전 세계의 라디오 방송국에 액세스하려면 인터넷에 연결해야 합니다.

when you turn the computer on , you can boot either os/2 or dos.
컴퓨터를 켤 때 os/2나 dos로 부팅할 수 있습니다.

when you visit my house , i will dine and wine you.
제 집에 들러 주시면 식사와 술을 대접하겠습니다.

when you log off , you are offline.
로그오프하면 오프라인 상태가 됩니다.

when you walk into a glasshouse on sunny day , it's hot because the glass panes trap sun's heat in a greenhouse.
여러분이 햇볕이 드는 날에 온실 안으로 들어가면 유리판이 열을 온실에 가두기 때문에 더워진다.

when you dry your shoes , you must not expose them to the sun.
구두를 말릴 때 햇볕을 쐬면 안 된다.

when you allow your mind to take a break , it comes back stronger , sharper , more focused and more creative.
당신의 마음이 휴식을 취하게 될 때 당신의 마음은 더 강해지고 , 더 예리해지고 , 더 집중을 잘 하게 되고 , 더 창의적이 됩니다.

when you transcribe your notes , please send a copy to mr. smith and keep the original for our files.
문서를 복사해서 사본은 스미스씨에게 보내고 원본은 우리 서류철에 보관해라.

when are you going to have your bridal shower ?.
신부 축하선물 파티 언제 열 거예요 ?.

when are you next planning a trip stateside ?.
다음번에는 언제 미국 쪽으로 여행하실 계획이세요 ?.

when are you leaving ? anytime really soon ?.
언제 떠나세요 ? 곧 가세요 ?.

when does the next bus arrive ?.
다음 버스가 언제 오죠 ?.

when does the next train for tokyo leave ?.
도쿄행 다음 열차는 언제 떠납니까 ?.

when your microwave oven has finished cooking , a buzzer will go off.
전자레인지가 요리를 마치면 버저가 소리를 낼 것이다.

when she finished speaking , the audience gave her a standing ovation.
그녀가 연설을 마치자 청중들은 그녀에게 기립 박수를 보냈다.

when she was twelve , the russian revolution overturned the rule of the czar and established a communist government.
그녀가 12살 때 , 러시아 혁명이 황제의 법을 전복시켰고 공상 정부를 세웠습니다.

when she told him about her situation at school he gave a nod of assent.
그녀가 그에게 학교에서의 그녀의 상황에 대해 말하자 , 그는 머리를 끄덕여 동의를 표시했다.

when will that sub be brought into service ?.
저 잠수함 언제 취역하지 ?.

when it is ready , pour into a large glass jar (i use a 2 quart glass pickle jar with porcelain lined zinc lid).
이것이 완성되면 , 큰 유리 그릇에 부으세요 (저는 2 콰드의 유리 피클 그릇과 자기 아연 뚜껑을 사용했습니다.).

when it was first shown at a 1966 london exhibit , ono met lennon for the first time in front of the work.
1966년 런던 전시회에서 이 작품이 처음 선보여졌을 때 오노와 레논은 그 작품 앞에서 처음 만났다.

when it comes to expressing their emotions , most men are hopelessly inarticulate.
자신의 감정을 표현하는 문제에서 대부분의 남성들은 절망적으로 말이 서툴다.

when people are homesick they want to sing.
고향이 그리우면 사람들은 노래가 하고 싶어지지요.

when they leave their cars , they should lock all valuables in the trunk or glove box to avoid tempting a thief to break in.
차를 두고 갈 때 운전자들은 도둑에게 미끼를 주지 않기 위해서 모든 귀중품을 트렁크나 자동차 안의 물건 넣는 곳에 넣어서 잠가두어야 한 다.

when children enter the equation , further tensions may arise within a marriage.
자녀 문제까지 개입되면 결혼 생활 내에 긴장감이 추가적으로 발생할 수 있다.

when my father said i could not have the car , he dashed cold water on my plans.
아버지는 내가 차를 갖지 못한다고 하며 나의 계획에 찬물을 끼얹었다.

when my father died , there was no place to bury him.
아버지가 돌아가셨을 때 묻을 곳도 없었어요.

when my wife watches a soap opera , she is all eyes.
내 아내는 드라마를 볼 때 온 정신이 빠져서 본다.

when my sister is in the bad mood , she often throws a hyper.
나의 여동생이 기분이 나쁠 땐 종종 몹시 흥분하곤 한다.

when their society became stratified , the new rulers needed emblems.
그들의 사회가 계층화되었을 때 , 그 새로운 지배자들은 새로운 국기(상징)들을 필요로 했다.

when something big is going on - a crisis situation in a specific part of the world , for example - it is easy to start to overload the calendar with event after event.
예를 들면 , 세계의 어느 지역에서 큰 위급한 상황과 같은 어떤 큰 일이 진행되고 있을 때 , 이벤트를 연이어 해서 달력에 너무 많이 일정을 잡기 시작하기 쉬워요.

when thinking about hydroponics one must think about the applications of hydroponics.
수경법에 대해 생각할 때 수경법의 응용방법들에 관해 생각하여야 한다.

when we are crossing the street , i worry unless i am leading kids by the hand.
길을 건널 때 아이들의 손을 잡고 인솔하지 않으면 걱정이 된다.

when we get into a trouble , we must buckle to overcome.
문제에 직면했을 때 우리는 한 덩어리가 되어 이겨내기 위해 노력해야만 한다.

when we look at the case of sm entertainment's prodigy boa , it's difficult to argue that walking the path of a musician is a wrong move.
sm 엔터테인먼트의 천재 보아의 경우를 봤을 때 , 뮤지션이 되는 길이 잘못됐다고 주장하기 어렵다.

when we were young , we use to fight in a spirit of fun.
우리가 어렸을 때 , 장난삼아 싸우곤 했다.

when talking about delinquent teenagers , most people think of ways to keep them off the streets.
비행 청소년들을 이야기할 때 대부분의 사람들은 그들을 거리에서 떼어놓으려는 방법들을 생각한다.

when some chameleons feel threatened , their skin develops a bright and menacing-looking arrowhead pattern.
신변에 위협을 느끼면 마치 상대를 협박하려는 듯이 피부에 밝은색 화살촉 무늬를 만드는 종류도 있습니다.

when moving to a northern climate , be sure to properly winterize your automobile.
북부 지역으로 이동할 때는 반드시 자동차의 월동 준비를 갖추세요.

when was your latest tb test ?.
가장 최근에 결핵 검사를 받은 게 언제입니까 ?.

when did you feel discouraged as a surfer ?.
서퍼로서 낙담할 때는 언제 였습니까 ?.

when did you start doing dope ?.
언제부터 마약을 시작했니 ?.

when did you last hear from susan ?.
수잔으로부터 마지막으로 연락받은 게 언제지 ?.

when did you join the army ?.
언제 군대 갔다왔어 ?.

when did your child first begin experiencing abdominal pain or other symptoms ?.
언제 당신의 아이가 먼저 복부의 통증 또는 다른 증상들을 경험하기 시작했나요 ?.

when did chris and louie leave on their trip for chicago ?.
언제 크리스와 루이가 시카고로 여행을 떠났습니까 ?.

when two or more computers are used , they are tied together with a high-speed channel and share the general workload between them.
두 대 이상의 컴퓨터가 사용되면 이들 컴퓨터는 고속 채널로 함께 연결되어 이들 컴퓨터 간의 일반 작업 부하를 공유한다.

when two people meet each other , they will say it's their destiny.
두사람이 만나게 되었을때 그들은 운명이라고 이야기할것이다.

when life hands you a lemon , make lemonade.
삶이 우리에게 시련을 줄때 , 그것을 전화위복으로 삼아라.

when one or more peahens approach , the display feathers become erect and form a beautiful fan.
한 마리 또는 더 많은 암컷들이 다가올 때 , 장식용 깃털은 곧게 서고 아름다운 부채 모양을 형성합니다.

when his wife died , his entire world was turned upside down.
그의 아내가 죽었을 때 그의 세계 전부가 엉망이 되고 말았다.

when his wife struggled to get in and out of the car elegantly in a skirt , he asked for the doorsills to be lowered.
장애물을 피하고 , 문지방을 넘으면서 주인을 찾을 수도 있습니다.

when his friend's wife opened the door , min-ho presented her with the flowers and smiled.
친구의 아내가 문을 열어줬을 때. 민호는 그 꽃을 내밀고 미소를 지었다.

when dealing with upset customers , sales associates are instructed to reassure them politely that the store will make every effort to resolve the problem.
불만있는 고객들을 상대할 때 , 판매점 운영자들은 고객들에게 점포가 해결에 모든 노력을 기울일 것이라는 점을 공손하게 재확인해 주라는 지시를 받는다.

when young he undertook an expedition to inner mongolia.
그는 젊었을 때 내몽고 탐험을 시도했다.

when young , he used to be a frequenter of the place.
젊었을 때에는 그곳에 잘 다녔다.

when someone did commit a crime , they were punished accordingly.
누군가 범죄를 저질렀을때 , 그들은 그에 맞는 벌을 받았다.

when treated in a timely manner , the prognosis is very positive.
예측이 적절한 시기에 다루어 진다면 , 그것은 매우 긍적적이다.

when ready to hang the wreath , either hammer nails unobtrusively above each side of the door (if the area around your door is made of wood) or insert screws into bricks.
화환을 걸 준비가 되었을 때 , 문 각각의 면 위에 조심스럽게 못을 치거나(여러분 문 주변이 나무로 만들어졌다면) 혹은 벽돌에 나사못을 박 으세요.

when making cheese , we use a rennet to speed up the cheese-making process.
치즈를 만들 때 우리는 빠른 공정을 위해 리넷을 사용한다.

when questioned , the officers on the scene admitted they had not issued a single summons for jaywalking.
그 기자가 현장에 있던 경관들에게 왜 단속을 안 하느냐고 묻자 그들은 횡단 보도 위반자들에게 단 한 건의 소환장도 발부한 일이 없음을 시 인했습니다.

when controversial book lolita was first published in 1955 , public reactions to it ranged from rapture to outrage.
논란의 대상이 된 책 로리타가 1955년에 처음 출간되었을 때 대중들의 반응은 기쁨에서부터 분노까지 다양했다.

when cooled , vapor is condensed into water.
증기는 식으면 물로 액화된다.

when cooled to 70 to 78 degrees , hydrate and pitch your yeast.
수분을 공급해 주고 건강을 유지할 수 있게 해 줄 것입니다.

when onion is limp , add spinach.
양파가 흐물거리면 시금치를 넣을세요.

when hunting is introduced to a stable herd , everything is thrown out of balance.
사냥이 안정된 무리에 도입되어 질 때 , 모든것은 균형이 깨진다.

when anderson becomes attracted to a lady called trinity , he discovers the world outside the matrix and faces the hidden reality.
앤더슨은 '트리니티'라는 여성에게 매력을 느끼게 되면서 매트릭스 밖의 세상을 발견하게 되고 감춰져 있던 현실을 직면하게 된다.

when full-time workers in sweden lose a job , they keep receiving a full pay for a year.
스웨덴의 정규직 근로자들은 실직을 해도 1년 동안은 계속 봉급을 수령합니다.

when santiago was out at sea on his skiff , he was longing for company.
santiago가 보트를 타고 바다로 떠났을 때 , 그는 친구가 절실했다.

when comparing it to the opening earnings of pixar films or shrek series , teenage mutant ninja turtles is no where close.
pixar의 영화들이나 슈렉 시리즈의 첫 수익에 비교하면 , 닌자거북이의 수익은 그 근처에도 못 간다.

when morris publishing's new mission statement was drafted , it was done so concentrating on the company's three areas of expertise.
모리스 출판사의 새로운 사업 계획서가 처음 기획되었을때 , 그것은 회사의 세 가지 전문 분야를 집중적으로 다루고 있었다.

when perlite is heated , the water vaporizes and creates countless tiny bubbles.
진주암이 가열되면 수분이 증발되면서 수많은 작은 기포가 발생합니다.

when tryouts for the team were announced , mary doubted that she could qualify , but she thought : nothing venture , nothing gain.
팀을 뽑는 예비 테스트가 발표되었을 때 , 메리는 그녀가 자격을 갖추었는지 의구심이 들었지만 , 그녀는 모험하지 않으면 얻는 것도 없다고 생각했다.

when nathaniel was four , his father died on a voyage in surinam.
이후 , 1664년에 영국은 남아프리카의 수리남과 뉴 암스테르담을 맞바꾸었다.

they do a lively trade in souvenirs and gifts.
그들은 기념품과 선물용품 장사를 활발히 하고 있다.

they do not live in the castle.
그들은 그 성에 살지 않아요.

they do not know about the downside.
그들은 불리한 면에 대해서 알지 못한다.

they do him a shrewd turn.
그들은 그에게 심술궂은 짓을 한다.

they took hostages and made a(n) outrageous demand.
그들은 인질을 볼모로 터무니 없는 요구를 했다.

they usually obtain power through military conquest.
그들은 보통 군사적인 정복으로 권력을 얻는다.

they come in many shapes and sizes and colors - red , green , yellow , orange , and even purple.
이것들은 모양 , 크기 , 색상이 다양하다. - 빨강 , 녹색 , 노랑 , 오렌지 심지어는 보라색까지 있다.

they come only in black and white. will a black one do ?.
그것은 색상이 검정색과 흰색 뿐입니다. 검정색이 괜찮겠습니까 ?.

they are a tough people , a robust people.
그들은 강인하고 활달한 사람들이다.

they are a couple fit as a pudding.
그들은 썩 잘 어울리는 커플이다.

they are not doing it as a whim.
그들은 그것을 기분내키는 대로 하지 않는다.

they are driving a roaring trade.
그들은 장사가 잘되고 있다.

they are at a clothing store.
그들은 옷가게에 있다.

they are at a pub chatting over a drink.
그들은 주점에서 술을 마시며 담소하고 있다.

they are the ultimate super stars who slugged the current era.
그들은 이 시대를 풍미한 슈퍼 스타다.

they are often seeking a fun date or simple companionship.
이들은 재미삼아 하는 데이트나 가벼운 교제 대상을 찾곤 한다.

they are very tasty and just a bit spicy.
그것들은 정말로 맛있고 조금 맵다.

they are very neighborly toward each others.
그들은 이웃 간에 정분이 두텁다.

they are always afraid they will be perceived as weak.
나약한 존재로 인식될까봐 항상 두려워하죠.

they are all found in the southern hemisphere , and there's actually fine breeding on the antarctic continent.
펭귄은 모두 남반구에서 삽니다. 그리고 , 실제로 이곳 남극 대륙에서 펭귄의 번식력은 뛰어납니다.

they are on the lookout for food.
그들은 먹을 것을 찾아다닌다.

they are enjoying their meal on the patio.
그들이 테라스에서 식사를 하고 있다.

they are our advance scouts , going secretly over the border to bring back priceless information to help the world to come.
그들은 우리의 정찰병으로서 , 그 미래가 올 수 있도록 하는 데 도움이 되는 귀중한 정보를 가져오기 위해 비밀스럽게 현재와 미래의 경계를 넘나든다.

they are having a clearance sale.
점포정리 세일을 하고 있어요.

they are over the moon as any prospective parents would be.
그들은 다른 예비 부모들이 그러하듯이 매우 행복하다.

they are tired of stacking the goods.
그들은 물건을 쌓는 일에 질렸다.

they are more extinct than triceratops.
그들은 트리케라톱스보다 더 많이 멸종되었다.

they are talking about the pollution of the earth.
그들은 지구의 오염에 관해 이야기하고 있다.

they are an important conduit for training and recruitment.
그것들은 훈련과 채용을 위한 중요한 전달자이다.

they are major causes of collision because they do not obey traffic laws.
충돌사고의 주요 요인들은 사람들이 교통법을 지키지 않았기 때문이다.

they are good friends with the landlord.
그들은 집주인과 좋은 친구입니다.

they are taking the dresser off the truck.
그들은 옷장을 트럭에서 내리고 있다.

they are turkey , greece , italy , and spain.
터키 , 그리스 , 이탈리아 그리고 스페인이 그 나라들이다.

they are grand and even beautiful.
그것들은 웅장하고 아름답기까지 해.

they are meeting with mr. burke to discuss financing for a mideast water project.
중동 지역 수로 건설 프로젝트 자금 조달 문제로 버크 씨와 만나기로 했대요.

they are under the rule of an autocrat.
그들은 독재자의 지배하에 있다.

they are lined up under an awning.
그들은 천막 아래에 일렬로 줄 서 있다.

they are scared by the storm.
그들은 폭풍우에 겁을 먹고 있다.

they are funny or serious , cute or just sweetlooking , popular or shy , well-dressed or sloppy , sporty or artsy.
그들은 재미있거나 진지하거나 , 귀엽거나 아니면 그냥 사랑스럽게 생겼거나 , 인기가 있거나 혹은 부끄러움을 잘타던가 , 옷을 잘 입던가 너절하던가 , 말쑥하 던가 아니면 예술가 같다.

they are funny or serious , cute or just sweetlooking , popular or shy , well-dressed or sloppy , sporty or artsy.
그들은 재미있거나 진지하거나 , 귀엽거나 아니면 그냥 사랑스럽게 생겼거나 , 인기가 있거나 혹은 부끄러움을 잘타던가 , 옷을 잘 입던가 너절 하던가 , 말쑥하던가 아니면 예술가 같다.

they are carrying out research on the causes of delinquent behavior among teenagers.
그들은 십대들의 범죄 행동의 원인에 대해 연구를 하고 있다.

they are predicting a sunny and clear weekend.
일기예보에서는 주말에 해가 나고 맑을 거라고 그러던데요.

they are genuine people , hospitable and warm.
그들은 진실하고 친절하며 따뜻한 사람들이었다.

they are actually taken from a helicopter. we got to fly right over the crater and shoot straight in.
그 사진들은 사실 헬기에서 찍었어요. 분화구 바로 위로 날아가서 안쪽을 똑바로 찍었죠.

they are shopping for baseball caps.
그들은 야구 모자를 사고 있는 중이다.

they are afraid of changes and reform.
그들의 변화와 개혁을 두려워합니다.

they are putting their differences aside.
그들은 의견 차이를 접어두었다.

they are extremely corrupt in morals.
그들은 도덕의 퇴폐가 극에 달해 있다.

they are vehemently opposed to the plan.
그들은 그 계획에 격렬하게 반대한다.

they are mainly responsible for air pollution.
그것들이 대기오염 의 주범이야.

they are loading data into the computer.
그들은 컴퓨터에 자료를 입력하고 있다.

they are listed on the new selection list.
그것들이 새 방송 목록에 기재되었다.

they are wrapping a box inside the taxi.
그들은 택시 안에서 상자를 포장하고 있다.

they are restructuring and slimming down the workforce.
그들은 인력 재편성과 군살 빼기를 하는 중이다.

they are reliant on a very limited number of exportable products.
그들은 아주 제한된 수출용 품목에 의존하고 있다.

they are scheming for the overthrow of the government.
그들은 정부의 전복을 꾀하고 있다.

they are lineal descendants of king james.
그들은 james왕의 직계 후손이다.

they are hoist with their own petard.
그들은 그들이 판 함정에 빠지고 말았어.

they are prejudiced against the japanese.
그들은 일본인에게 반감을 품고 있다.

they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.
그들은 벌써 베옷을 입고 앉아(비탄에 잠겨) 회개하였으리라.

they work and work , and never play.
죽어라 일만 하고 놀지는 않으니 말야.

they will be available to answer any technical questions you may have afterward.
나중에 두 분께서 여러분이 궁금해 하시는 기술적인 질문들에 대한 답변을 해 주실 것입니다.

they will be joined by steve rote , joanna dugan , thomas beckman , and rebecca trump.
스티브 로트 , 조애나 듀건 , 토마스 베크먼 , 레베카 트럼프도 이들과 합류하여 함께 일하게 될 것입니다.

they will be arriving any minute , so please remain seated and prepare yourselves to rock and roll.
몇분 후에 도착할 예정이니 , 앉아 계시면서 신나게 흔들 준비를 해주시기 바랍니다.

they will file for arrest warrants and take other actions against those who defame and abuse others in cyberspace.
그들은 사이버상에서 다른 사람들의 명예를 훼손하고 욕하는 사람들에게 구속영장을 제기하고 다른 조치를 취할 것입니다.

they will replace the walls and the roof.
그들은 벽과 지붕을 교체할 것이다.

they will casket the body the day after tomorrow.
입관은 모레 할 예정이다.

they always stick together as a threesome.
그들은 언제나 삼총사처럼 붙어 다닌다.

they have a lot of money to spend , and advertisers are interested in reaching them.
이들은 경제적으로도 여유가 있습니다. 따라서 광고주들도 이 독자층 확보에 관심을 가집니다.

they have come to this conclusion after realizing that bird feathers and reptilian scales are variations of the same organ.
그들은 새의 깃털과 파충류의 비늘이 같은 기관이 변형된 것이라는 사실을 알고 나서 이런 결론을 내렸다.

they have to cope with a minimal amount of water and tremendous changes in temperature.
그들은 최소한의 양의 물로 견뎌야 하고 , 엄청난 기온 변화를 겪어야 합니다.

they have to chitchat about something.
그들은 무언가에 대해 잡담해야만 한다.

they have always been helpful , kind and generous creatures.
그들은 항상 유익하고 , 친절하며 , 인정 많은 생물들이었다.

they have all been put in the backroom for storage.
그것들은 모두 뒷방에 넣어 보관해 왔어요.

they have been rather timid in the changes they have made.
그들은 변화를 도모하면서 다소 소심했다.

they have been trying to fill the vacancy for a long time but they could not do that.
그 사람들은 오랫동안 그 빈자리를 메우려고 노력했지만 할 수없었다.

they have been found to have committed burglary to supply themselves with money for their pleasures.
그들은 유흥비를 마련하기 위해 강도짓을 저지른 것으로 밝혀졌다.

they have been fighting a rearguard action for two years to stop their house being demolished.
그들은 자기들 집이 헐리는 것을 막기 위해 2년 동안 승산 없는 싸움을 계속하고 있다.

they have had candid talks about the current crisis.
그들은 현재의 위기에 관해서 솔직한 이야기를 나누었다.

they have long legs and hoofed feet.
그것은 다리가 길며 굽이 있는 발을 가지고 있다.

they have released more than 1 , 300 crocodiles into the orinoco and its tributaries since 1990.
그들은 1990년 이후 지금까지 1 , 300마리 이상의 악어들을 오리노코 강과 그 지류에 방생했습니다.

they have started the road repairs on main street.
메인 가 도로 보수공사가 시작되었어.

they have plenty of money now , but they still tend to be thrifty.
지금 그들에게는 돈의 여유가 많지만 늘 그렇듯이 여전히 검소하다.

they have attracted strong adverse criticism.
그들은 매우 부정적인 비판을 받아 왔다.

they have ice cream or chocolate mousse.
그들은 아이스크림과 초콜렛 무스를 먹었어요.

they have portrayed him as a criminal and a person who threatens the society.
그들은 그 남자를 범죄자이자 사회를 위협하는 인간으로 묘사하였다.

they have slashed their prices a lot.
가격을 대폭으로 깎았더라구요.

they have divested rituals of their original meaning.
그는 교원 자격을 박탈당했다.

they lived in a shack with a dirt floor.
그들은 바닥이 흙으로 된 오두막에 살았다.

they lived in huts and tenements.
그들은 오두막과 주택에서 살았다.

they lived at hack and manger after winning the lottery.
그들은 복권에 당첨된 후에 호화스럽게 지냈다.

they lived the life of riley after they won the lottery.
그들은 복권에 당첨된 후 무사태평한 생활을 했다.

they all want to gain power and prestige.
그들은 모든 권력과 위신을 얻길 원했다.

they all seem to be controlling what robbins portrays as a pliant press who slavishly give a sanitized version of the war.
로빈슨의 연극에서 이들 모두는 사전 검열된 전쟁 보도를 고분고분 내보내는 꼭두각시 언론을 통제하고 있는 것으로 비춰지고 있습니다.

they all were drunk as a skunk.
그들은 모두 곤드레만드레 취했다.

they all covered with confusion and apologized.
모두 어쩔 줄 몰라 하며 사과를 하더군요.

they all notice the man , and some even scoff at how rude he is to be blocking an entrance.
모두가 이 남자를 보게 되지만 , 그 중에는 무례하게 입구를 막고 서 있는 사람이라며 비웃어 넘기기까지 한다.

they all conspired together to cheat me.
그들은 모두 한통속이 되어 나를 속였다.

they eat fish , waterfowl , and small mammals.
그들은 물고기 , 물새 , 작은 포유 동물을 먹습니다.

they seem to heed fashion more than conscience.
그들이 중요하게 생각하는 건 양심이 아니라 패션인 듯 보인다.

they seem destitute of ordinary human feelings.
그들은 사람들이 보통 지니고 있는 감정이 없는 것 같다.

they think that aging is part of our genetic program.
그들은 노화가 유전 프로그램의 일부라고 생각한다.

they listen to him and cheer him up when he feels bad.
그들은 그의 말에 귀 기울이고 그가 기분이 나쁠 때 격려해 주죠.

they can not understand how i can be unmarried without a significant other.
그들은 내가 특별히 교제하는 사람도 없이 미혼으로 있는 것을 이해하지 못합니다.

they can also promise that male babies will be born.
그들은 남자 아이가 태어날 것이라고 약속할 수도 있다.

they can also chop and stab their enemies with their sharp jaws.
그들은 또한 그들의 날카로운 턱으로 그들의 적들을 찍고 찌를수 있다.

they can download a recipe for a new type of lasagna.
사람들은 새로운 라자냐 요리법을 다운 받을수 있다.

they hope to dominate the car market within five years.
그들은 5년 내에 자동차 시장을 석권하고 싶어한다.

they could not stop clicking the shutter at the gorgeous landscape.
멋진 풍경에 그들은 연신 카메라 셔터를 눌러 댔다.

they could start to believe they are foolish , incompetent , or even worthless if they keep attributing every blip in the road to their own skills or talents.
그들이 자신의 능력이나 재능을 일시적인 것으로 돌리게 되면 , 자신을 어리석고 , 무능하고 , 심지어 쓸모가 없다고 생각하게 된다.

they might repeat specific actions or behaviors.
그들은 특정한 활동이나 행동을 반복할지도 모른다.

they know the territory and the people.
그들은 그 영토와 사람들을 알아요.

they had a tragic accident while on an outing.
그들은 나들이를 가던 중에 참변을 당했다.

they had a houseful so we did not stay.
그들 집에 사람들이 가득해서 우리는 머물 수가 없었다.

they had a nuptial wedding.
그들은 호화롭게 결혼식을 가졌다.

they had three very amenable children.
그들에게는 아주 말을 잘 듣는 아이들이 셋 있었다.

they had been seduced by russian women in a classic kgb honey trap.
그들은 고전적인 kgb 미인계에 걸려들어 러시아 여자들에게 농락당했다.

they had quite a fete to celebrate his promotion.
그의 승진을 축하하기 위해 정말 대단한 축제를 벌였어요.

they had advanced 20 miles by nightfall.
그들은 해 질 무렵까지 20마일을 진격했다.

they had manacled her legs together.
그들은 그녀의 두 다리에 족쇄를 채웠다.

they decided to take the matter up with their mp.
그들은 그 문제를 지역구 의원에게 이야기해 보기로 결정했다.

they decided to put their son on his feet.
그들은 아들을 독립시키기로 결정했다.

they heard surprised even those who were somewhat familiar with al-qaida and other groups use of the internet to spread anti-american and anti-western propaganda.
이날 증언은 알카에다 등 테러단체들이 반미감정과 반 서방 선전을 퍼뜨리기 위해 인터넷을 사용하고 있는 사실을 어느 정도 알고 있던 사람 들 조차 놀라게 만들었습니다.

they used carbon-dating tests to authenticate the claim that the skeleton was 2 million years old.
그들은 그 해골이 2백만 년된 것이라는 주장을 확증하기 위해 방사성 탄소 연대 측정 시험을 사용했다.

they say the problems that contributed to the destruction of columbia have not been fully worked out.
이들 책임자는 3년전 콜롬비아호를 폭파시켰던 문제들이 완전히 해결되지 않은 상태라고 말하고 있습니다.

they say the law erodes local control over international aid , and is too ambiguous about the role of the indonesian military.
그들은 새 법이 국제 원조에 대한 지방의 통제를 약화시킬 뿐 아니라 , 인도네시아 군의 역할에 대해 너무 모호하다는 불만을 제기하고 있습니다.

they say the bomb was planted inside a minibus.
폭탄은 소형버스 안에 장착돼 있었다고 말했습니다.

they say the culturally loaded issue today is the number of asians looking to remake themselves to look more caucasian.
그들은 " 오늘날 문화적으로 이슈되고 있는 것은 많은 수의 동양인들이 서양인들과 비슷한 외모를 갖기 위해 스스로를 변화시키고 있다는 것이다. " 라고 밝.

they say the culturally loaded issue today is the number of asians looking to remake themselves to look more caucasian.
혔다.

they say that a photograph is just a copy of the real world.
그들은 사진이 단지 실제 세상의 복사일 뿐이라고 말한다.

they say that the key to deterrence is uncertainty.
그들은 저지할 방법이 불분명하다고 한다.

they say things like soft drinks and camera film already are produced and sold in the united states in metric measurement.
그들에 의하면 음료수나 카메라 필름 같은 물건들은 미국 내에서도 이미 미터법으로 표기된 것들을 생산해 판매하고 있다고 하는군요.

they say many others in villages near mount merapi have refused to leave.
메라피 화산 인근마을의 주민들은 대피하길 꺼리고 있다.

they plan to bisect the field with trees.
그들은 나무를 심어 밭을 양분할 계획이다.

they did not fully endorse dollarization as an antidote to currency crises and economic instability.
그들은 통화위기나 경제적 불안정의 해결책으로서 달러화를 완전히 지지하지는 않았다.

they did the widow out of her life savings.
그들은 그 과부를 속여서 그녀가 평생 저축한 것을 빼앗았다.

they did nothing but seek their own interests.
그들은 다만 자신들의 이익만을 도모했을 뿐이었다.

they drive us to desperation obedience.
그들은 우리에게 복종을 강요했다.

they saw a bawdy movie.
그들은 외설영화를 관람했다.

they said that a burglar broke into the next office yesterday.
어제 옆 사무실에 도둑이 들었대요.

they keep pictures of their family on the mantel.
그들은 가족 사진을 벽난로 선반 위에 놓아둔다.

they use their colored fur to hide from their prey.
그들의 색깔 있는 털은 먹이감으로부터 숨을 때 사용한다.

they try to step right up to that line but not cross it.
그들은 그 선으로 다가가려 했지만 넘어서려 하지는 않았다.

they check our state-of-the-art equipment before and after every outing.
매 여행 전후에 저희 최신식 장비들을 점검합니다.

they arose from their chairs and then were seated.
사람들이 의자에서 일어난 다음 앉았다.

they wore yellow stockings for our success.
그들은 우리의 성공을 시기했다.

they dress as women and refer to themselves as women.
그들은 여장을 하고 자신들을 여성이라고 하는데요.

they found a remnant of the massive explosion that began the universe.
그들은 우주를 탄생시킨 대폭발의 흔적을 발견했다.

they found that the number of senescent cells increased exponentially with age.
그들은 노화되는 세포의 수가 나이와 더불어 기하급수적으로 증가되는 것을 발견했다.

they may seem petty , but without them you end up with an almighty mess.
그들이 하찮게 보여도 , 그들이 없으면 너는 완전히 일을 망치게 될 것이다.

they came up with the idea of pitching themselves as a team and shopped it around.
그들은 둘이 한 팀을 이루어 일할 생각을 하게 되었고 그들의 제안을 받아 줄 곳을 찾아 여기저기 돌아다녔다.

they were not divulged to anyone else.
그것들은 어느 누구에게도 알려지지 않았다.

they were the new york stock exchange and citicorp buildings in new york , the prudential building in newark , new jersey and the international monetary fund and world bank in washington.
그 다섯 기관은 뉴욕 증권거래소 , 뉴욕 소재 시티그룹 본사 , 뉴저지 주 뉴어크 소재 푸르덴셜 본사 , 워싱턴의 국제통화기금(imf) 본부와 세계 은행입니다.

they were the victims of a cruel hoax.
그들은 잔인한 장난의 피해자들이었다.

they were very apologetic about the trouble they'd caused.
그들은 자기들이 초래한 불편에 대해 몹시 미안해했다.

they were looking strong , but i did think i could have made the podium.
그들이 강적으로 보였지만 내가 정말 시상대에 설 수 있을 것이라고 생각했다.

they were an enemy to the village people.
그들은 마을 사람들을 미워했다.

they were busy stacking the shelves with goods.
그들은 진열대에 상품을 채우느라 바빴다.

they were living in the most deplorable conditions.
그들은 대단히 개탄스러운 환경 속에서 살고 있었다.

they were living in subhuman conditions.
그들은 인간 이하의 환경에서 살고 있었다.

they were trying to conceive via in-vitro fertilization.
그들은 인공수정을 시도하고 있다.

they were known not only for their speed but also for their amazing agility in climbing trees.
속도가 빠를 뿐 아니라 , 나무에 기어오르는 데도 놀라운 민첩성을 지녔습니다.

they were equally divided pro and con.
그들은 찬반양론으로 팽팽히 맞섰다.

they were held back by police and alsatian dogs.
매스티프와 알세이션은 매우 훌륭한 경비견이 된다.

they were written by matthew , mark , luke , and john , men who knew him personally.
그것들은 그를 개인적으로 알았던 마태 , 마가 , 누가 , 요한에 의해 쓰였다.

they were wonderful lyricists and created perfect pop music.
그들은 대단한 작사가들이었고 완벽한 팝 음악을 만들어냈다.

they were strictly barred against exterior intercourse.
그들은 외부와의 접촉이 엄금되어 있었다.

they were focused on the next night's homework.
그들은 다음날 저녁에 할 숙제에 관심을 가졌어요.

they were struggling with the books.
그들은 책과 씨름하고 있었다.

they were able to control the massive area with a remarkable system of communications.
그들은 놀랄 만한 통신 체계로 이 거대한 지역을 통제할 수 있었다.

they were either a whore or a virgin.
그들은 창녀이거나 처녀였다.

they were dressed up in brightly colored national costume.
그들은 밝은 색깔의 민속의상으로 차려 입고 있었다.

they were dressed out of livery.
그들은 평복상태였다.

they were offended by his refusal to attend the party.
그들은 그가 파티에 참석하는 것을 거절해서 기분이 상했다.

they were probably real dungeons , i said.
나는 그것들이 진짜 지하감옥이라고 말했다.

they were wearing hats covered in badges.
그들은 배지로 덮여있는 모자를 쓰고 있었다.

they were gathering to bury hamas founder sheik ahmed yassin.
이들은 하마스의 창설자 셰이크 아흐메드 야신의 장례를 위해 모인 인파였다.

they were arrested for brawling in the street.
그들은 길거리에서 싸움을 벌여 체포되었다.

they were mixing cement with sand.
그들은 시멘트를 모래와 섞고 있었다.

they were wise enough to invest in depreciable real estate.
그 사람들은 현명하게도 감가상각이 가능한 부동산에 투자했다.

they were warned of the ecological catastrophe to come.
그들은 환경적 대재난이 닥칠 것이라는 경고를 받았다.

they were investigated for violation of the good samaritan law.
그들은 착한 사마리아인 법을 위반했는지에 대해 조사받았다.

they were totally blown away , 9-zilch.
그들은 9대0으로 완패했어요.

they were severely told off by the teacher when they spoke in whispers.
그들은 숙덕숙덕 이야기를 하다가 선생님한테 크게 야단맞았다.

they were expelled to new york.
그들은 뉴욕으로 추방되었다.

they were bogged down with the swamp.
그들은 늪에 빠져서 꼼짝 못했다.

they were overjoyed by the birth of their first grandchild.
그들은 첫손자가 태어났을 때 굉장히 기뻐했다.

they were shouting to him 'put the weapon down'.
그들이 그에게 무기를 내려놓으라고 소리쳤다.

they were hustled into collective farms by zealous communist party activists.
공산당 열성 당원들은 강제로 그들을 집단 농장에 이주시켰다.

they were unstinting in their praise.
그들은 아낌없이 칭찬을 했다.

they made the decision after hours of deliberation.
그들은 몇 시간을 의논한 끝에 결정을 내렸다.

they made out a shadowy form in front of them.
그들은 자기들 앞에 있는 흐릿한 형체를 알아보았다.

they made moan because it was too hot.
그들은 너무 더워서 불평했다.

they also eat cakes , cookies and little sandwiches at teatime.
그들은 '차 시간' 에는 또한 케이크와 쿠키 , 작은 샌드위치를 먹는다.

they also had the most moles , another important factor in who later develops melanoma.
그들은 또한 나중에 흑색종으로 발전하는 또 다른 중요한 인자인 많은 검은 점을 가지고 있었다.

they also learned other techniques such as clearing land and also irrigation.
그들은 또한 개간과 관개같은 다른 기술들을 배웠다.

they also suspect careless handling of campfires in 2 other cases.
그 밖에도 두 건의 산불은 캠프파이어를 하다 부주의로 일어난 것으로 보고 있습니다.

they also confiscated coats they considered to be too transparent or figure hugging.
그들은 또한 속이 훤이 보이거나 몸매가 들어난다고 생각되는 옷을 압수해 버렸다.

they only made a perfunctory effort.
그들은 그저 의무적으로만 노력을 했다.

they only publish novels which cater to the mass-market.
그들은 대중적인 시장의 구미에 맞춘 소설만을 출판한다.

they called their club the knickerbocker base ball club.
그들은 그들의 클럽을 니커보커스라고 명명하였다.

they form underwater mountains or islands.
그들이 해저 산맥과 섬을 만든다.

they offer 40 itineraries and 88 destinations in the kruger park area where you are practically assured of seeing the big five(elephants , lions , buffalos , leopards , and rhinoceros).
그 사이트는 여러분이 실제로 big five(코끼리 , 사자 , 들소 , 표범 , 코뿔소)를 확실하게 볼 수 있는 크루거 공원 지역에서의 40가지 여행 스케줄 과 88군데의 행선지를 제공한다.

they adopted a curriculum consisting of running , climbing , swimming and flying.
그들은 달리기 , 기어오르기 , 수영 , 날기 등으로 구성되는 교육과정을 채택했다.

they must be swiped in the card reader.
배지를 카드리더기에 넣고 긁어야 한다.

they must stand up and reclaim their religion.
그들은 일어나서 그들의 종교를 개척해야 할 필요가 있다.

they war victims will be buried in national cemetery.
전쟁 피해자들은 국립묘지에 묻힐 것이다.

they first entered the medical profession as nurses.
처음에 여성들은 의과대학 간호학과에 진학하기 시작했습니다. ?.

they held daily conferences with the local union representatives.
그들은 지방 조합 대표와 연일 회의를 열었다.

they include hypoxia , intense ultraviolet radiation , cold , aridity , and a limited nutritional base.
그들은 저산소증 , 강한 자외선 방사 , 추위 , 건조 그리고 열악한 영양 조건을 포함한다.

they include emily's list , the women's campaign fund and the national women's political caucus.
이런 조직에는 에밀리의 리스트와 여성 선거 기금 , 그리고 전국 여성 정치 코커스 등이 포함돼 있는데요.

they then boat down a misty river to the phantom's underground lair.
둘은 안개 자욱한 강을 보트로 건너 팬텀이 사는 지하 은신처로 가게 된다.

they put the oliver on it.
그들이 속였다.

they gave the rock a heave over the cliff.
그들은 절벽 너머로 바위를 던졌다.

they gave up the game without scoring even one point.
그들은 1점을 득점하지 못하고 경기를 포기했어요.

they went to brazil and took their plants and customs with them.
그들은 식물과 풍습을 가지고 브라질로 갔다.

they went down into catacombs beneath the church.
그들은 교회 밑의 지하 묘지로 내려갔다.

they went halvers when she got paid.
그녀가 월급을 받자 그들은 반분했다.

they each received 20 lashes for stealing.
그들은 절도죄로 각각 채찍을 스무 대씩 맞았다.

they looked around for any signs of habitation.
그들은 무슨 주거의 흔적이 있나 하고 사방을 둘러보았다.

they soon develop a nasty penchant for committing crimes.
그들은 머지않아 범죄를 저지르는 추악한 성향을 발달시킬 것입니다.

they enjoy easily companionship , but they do not like criticism.
그들은 어울리는 것을 즐기지만 흠 잡히는 것을 싫어한다.

they smiled , and their smiles shone down on the earth as sunshine.
그들이 미소 짓자 , 그 미소가 햇빛이 되어 땅 위에 비춰졌다.

they felt safe leaving their children with her.
그들은 안심하고 아이들을 그녀에게 의탁했다.

they still have delusions of militarism.
그들은 아직도 군국주의의 망상에 사로잡혀 있다.

they buried him in the cemetery.
그들은 그를 묘지에 묻었다.

they even pickle my feet ! however , nobody likes me.
사람들은 내 발까지 절여서 먹지 않나. 허나 아무도 날 좋아하지 않아.

they fought against the robber tooth and nail.
그들은 그 강도와 용감하게 싸웠다.

they began to talk of one thing or another to relieve the boredom of the flight.
그들은 비행의 지루함을 달래기 위해 잡담을 하기 시작했다.

they continued to make unfounded claims.
그들은 계속해서 허무맹랑한 주장을 해 댔다.

they continued sailing up the wind. that was very dangerous.
그들은 바람을 거슬러 항해를 계속하였다. 그것은 위험했다.

they splashed their way up the brook.
그들은 철벅철벅 소리내며 개울을 거슬러 올라갔다.

they told us last year in a refugee camp , in hushed tones , about the abuses they had suffered.
그녀들은 작은 목소리로 작년 이재민 수용소에서 겪었던 잔혹행위에 대해 말해 주었다.

they left their children with a babysitter.
그 사람들은 아이들을 아이보는 사람에게 맡겼다.

they raise each pigeon in a small box until they are plump and succulent.
그들은 비둘기가 포동포동하고 즙이 많아 질 때까지 한 마리씩 작은 상자에 넣어 기른다.

they changed back to peacetime production.
그들은 평상시의 생산체제로 되돌아 갔다.

they hate each other.
그들은 서로를 증오한다.

they face competition from chelsea , real madrid and villareal.
첼시 , 레알 마드리드 , 그리고 비야 레알은 경쟁을 하고 있다.

they kept sailing on a bowline.
그들은 돛을 바람 불어오는 쪽으로 펴고 계속 항해했다.

they kept haggling over the price.
그 사람들은 계속 차 값을 깎아달라고 승강이를 했다.

they killed a fatted bullock for him.
그들은 그를 위해 살찐 수송아지를 한 마리 잡았다.

they suffered dreadfully during the war.
그들은 전쟁 중에 끔찍한 고통을 당했다.

they tried to steal our vegetables.
그들은 우리 채소를 훔치려 했다.

they tried to dislodge the enemy from its position.
그들은 적을 진지로부터 몰아내려 했다.

they tried to bludgeon me into joining their protest.
그들은 나를 자기들 시위에 참여하도록 강요하려 했다.

they waited in ambush in order to attack the enemy.
그들은 적군을 공격하려고 복병을 하고 기다렸다.

they showed great ardor for the cause of helping deprived children.
그들은 불우한 어린이들을 돕겠다는 대의에 큰 열정을 보였다.

they showed groups of tight bands among the rings and unusual patterns.
그것들은 고리에서의 강력한 띠의 집단들을 보여주었고 이상한 패턴들도 보여주었다.

they consider the plan to be of dubious benefit to most families.
그들은 그 계획이 대부분의 가정에 이익이 될지는 불확실하다고 여기고 있다.

they received a lot of adverse publicity about the changes.
그들은 그 변화에 대해 불리한 평판을 많이 받았다.

they note that iran has moderated its behavior over the years , albeit very slowly.
이들은 비록 매우 더디긴 하지만 이란은 여러해에 걸쳐 행태를 온건하게 바꿔왔다고 말합니다.

they wanted the people to find salvation.
그들은 그 사람들이 개종하기를 원했다.

they wanted to keep the dialogue open.
그들은 그 대화내용을 공개하기를 원했다.

they died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
그들은 일산화탄소 중독으로 사망했다.

they performed pieces by bach and handel.
그들은 바흐와 헨델의 작품들을 연주했다.

they asked her to be merciful to the prisoners.
그들은 그 죄수들에게 자비를 베풀어 달라고 그녀에게 부탁했다.

they built a temporary home out of zincs.
그들은 함석으로 임시 가옥을 지었다.

they positioned 35 xenon atoms to spell out the logo ibm using an atomic force microscopy instrument.
그들은 원자력 현미경을 사용하면서 ibm 로고를 철자로 쓰기 위해 35개의 크세논 원자를 배열하였다.

they bought carloads of books about this or that.
그들은 이런 저런 주제에 대한 책을 잔뜩 사들였다.

they fit great , and they are made from a much sturdier denim.
잘 맞으며 , 훨씬 더 튼튼한 천으로 만들어 졌어요.

they promised us that they would be unsparing of their support.
그들은 아낌없는 후원을 하겠다고 약속했다.

they generally preferred mixed and multiracial service models.
그들은 보통 다양하고 다민족적인 서비스 정신을 선호한다.

they claim the ingredient can suppress the role of beta amyloid in the human brain.
그들은 이 성분이 인간 뇌의 베타 아밀로이드의 역할을 억제 시킨다고 주장한다.

they sometimes care for underprivileged children.
그들은 때때로 불우한 어린이들을 돌봅니다.

they delivered the pizza like a dose of salts.
그들은 피자를 아주 빨리 배달했다.

they formed a treaty of peace and amity last year.
그들은 작년에 평화 친선조약을 맺었다.

they placed the suspected thief on trial.
그들은 용의자인 도둑을 재판에 걸었다.

they completely mystify me. i'd like to learn more about them.
컴퓨터는 통 모르겠어요. 좀 더 배우고 싶어요.

they picked out the candidates at rovers.
그들은 지원자를 마구잡이로 선정해댔다.

they watched with wonder as the sides slowly slid up to show the familiar barred cages.
눈에 익은 창살로 막아진 우리를 드러내기 위해 천천히 (우주선의) 옆쪽이 올라 갈때 사람들은 놀라움으로 지켜 보았다.

they rapidly assimilated into the american way of life.
그들은 미국의 생활 방식에 빠르게 동화되었다.

they installed an aluminum sash on the veranda.
그들은 베란다에 알루미늄 새시를 설치했다.

they eventually will know and everything's ok.
다들 알게 될 거고 모든 게 좋아질 거예요.

they woefully miscast catherine zeta-jones playing a romantically challenged flight attendant.
너무나 어울리지 않게 캐스팅된 캐서린 제타 존스는 연애를 잘 못하는 승무원역을 맡고 있습니다.

they attended the convention mornings and had their afternoons free.
그들은 오전에는 대회에 참가하고 , 오후에는 자유시간을 가졌다.

they prevent salmon from swimming upstream.
그것들은 연어가 상류로 헤엄쳐 가는 것을 방해한다.

they launched the tirade against the entertainer's management companies who squeeze on their income.
그들은 연예인들의 수입을 가로채는 연예 매니지먼트 회사들에 대한 비난을 시작했다.

they attach great importance to the project.
그들은 그 사업에 큰 중요성을 부여하고 있다.

they played baseball at night under the blaze of spotlights.
그들은 야간에 환한 스포트라이트 아래서 야구를 했다.

they drifted farther and farther apart from each other.
그들은 점점 서로 사이가 멀어졌다.

they drank tea in dainty cups.
그 사람들은 우아한 잔에 차를 마셨다.

they slip into a complacent comfort-zone.
그들은 현실에 만족하는 안전 지대로 미끄러진다.

they injected the drug directly into her bloodstream.
그들은 그 약물을 그녀의 혈류에 바로 주사했다.

they claimed the event was the world's biggest organized moonwalk.
그들은 그 이벤트가 세계에서 가장 큰 조직력 있는 문워크라고 주장했다.

they survived the bloodshed of the khmer rouge rule.
그들은 크메르루즈 정권의 학살에서 살아남았다.

they dispatched an expedition to the amazon.
그들은 아마존 강에 원정대를 파견했다.

they collected the newly found manuscripts to determine their age.
그들은 새로 발견된 필사본의 연대를 알아내려고 대조 확인했다.

they joined forces to defend their common interests.
공동의 이익을 지키기 위해서 힘을 합했다.

they attempted to wrest control of the town from government forces.
그들은 정부군에게서 그 도시에 대한 통제권을 탈취하려고 시도했다.

they laughed at the naivety of his suggestion.
그들은 순진해 빠진 그의 제안을 비웃었다.

they displayed a flag at half-mast. or flags were (flying) at half-mast.
반기를 달았다.

they knew they were getting closer as they found evidence of looting : objects left behind.
이들은 약탈 흔적을 발견하면서 점점 목표에 접근하고 있다는 것을 알았습니다.

they struggled to keep the torch of idealism and hope alive.
그들은 이상주의와 희망의 횃불이 꺼지지 않게 하려고 고투를 벌였다.

they ultimately decided not to go.
그들은 결국 가지 않기로 결정했다.

they taught the pilgrims how to grow food crops.
그들은 이주민들에게 농작물을 재배하는 법을 가르쳐 주었다.

they weigh an average of 150 pounds each.
청상아리들은 평균 몸무게가150파운드에 이른다.

they tore a hole in the oil tanker.
그들은 그 유조선에 구멍을 냈다.

they dragged the river for the sunken car.
그들은 가라앉은 차를 찾으려고 강을 훑었다.

they dragged from the burning ann.
그들은 앤을 가까스로 구조했다.

they reminded him of his contractual obligations.
그들이 그에게 계약상의 의무들을 상기시켜 주었다.

they inflicted a humiliating defeat on the home team.
그들은 홈 팀에게 치욕스러운 패배를 안겨 주었다.

they narrowly escaped shipwreck in a storm in the north sea.
그들은 북해에서 폭풍우 때 가까스로 난파를 면했다.

they worship islam sheik.
그들은 이슬람교 교주를 숭배한다.

they analyzed the types of questions that had appeared on the scholastic ability tests of the previous three years.
그들은 지난 3년 동안의 수능 시험 출제 유형을 분석했다.

they distort the way in which people litigate.
그들은 사람들이 고소하는 방법에 대하여 왜곡했다.

they glow with a soft green luminescence.
그것들은 은은한 초록색 발광 빛으로 빛난다.

they conspired to drive him out of the country.
그들은 그를 국외로 추방하려고 공모했다.

they staged a full-scale air defense drill.
그들은 대규모의 방공 연습을 실시했다.

they satisfy demand that is not met by domestic products.
수입품은 국내 제품들이 채워줄 수 없는 수요를 충족시켜준다.

they compelled him to talk with threats.
그들은 협박을 하여 그로 하여금 말하게 했다.

they verbally promised to back up us.
그들이 우리를 지원하겠다고 구두로 약속했어요.

they petitioned the government for abolition of the system.
그들은 그 제도를 폐지해 달라고 정부에 청원했다.

they petitioned the committee to reconsider its decision.
그들은 그 위원회에 결정을 재고해 달라고 청원했다.

they browbeat him into agreeing.
그를 위협해서 동의시켰다.

they exchanged banalities for a couple of minutes.
그들은 잠깐 동안 시시한 말들을 주고받았다.

they taunted him about his boast.
그들은 그의 허세를 놀려댔다.

they outlined their aims with disarming frankness.
그들은 천진할 정도로 솔직하게 자신들의 목적에 대해 개요를 말했다.

they becrumb the lips and besmear the chin , like home-baked goodies should.
의자 위에 피로 범벅이 된 면도날이 놓여 있다.

they overcame hardship and pain with sheer willpower.
그들은 시련과 고통을 꿋꿋이 이겨 냈다.

they detested each other on sight.
그들은 보자마자 서로를 혐오했다.

they belonged in a different , violent world.
그것은 어디까지나 자신과는 관계가 없는 조직폭력계에 속한 일이었다.

they predate the creation of the parks.
그들은 공원 조성을 앞당겼다.

they hand-packed the snowman like an ice-cream cone.
그들은 아이스크림 콘 같은 눈사람을 손으로 만들었다.

they clothe their children in the latest fashions.
그들은 자기 아이들에게 최신 유행하는 옷을 입힌다.

they raced to a thrilling victory in the relay.
그들은 그 릴레이에 참가하여 스릴 넘치는 승리를 했다.

they discontinued searching for the missing man.
그들은 행방불명된 남자의 수색을 중지했다.

they disavowed claims of a split in the party.
그들은 당 내부에 분열이 있다는 주장들을 부인했다.

they repute her (as) an honest girl.
그들은 그녀를 정직한 소녀라고 생각하고 있다.

they redid their entire living room.
그들은 거실 전체를 완전히 다시 꾸몄다.

they lazed away the long summer days.
그들은 긴 여름날들을 느긋하게 별 하는 일 없이 보냈다.

they girded the castle with a moat to defend from the enemy's attack.
그들은 적의 공격으로부터 성을 수비하기 위해 해자를 둘렀다.

they splurge on travel and enjoy vacationing.
그들은 여행과 휴가를 즐기는 것에도 돈을 씁니다.

they relegate such tasks to their pdas , cell phones or computers rather than using their heads.
이들은 이러한 정보들을 자기 머리를 사용하여 처리하기 보다는 pda나 휴대폰 혹은 컴퓨터에 그 임무를 위탁하고 있는 셈이다.

they trekked across the great western plains.
그들은 거대한 서부 평원을 가로질러 여행을 했다.

they thatch a roof with straw.
그들은 짚으로 지붕을 올린다.

they wriggled their way through the tunnel.
그들은 터널 속을 꿈틀거리며 앞으로 나아갔다.

children are sitting in classrooms that are totally unsafe , dilapidated and deteriorating.
아이들은 매우 위험하고 허름하며 상태가 악화되는 교실들에 앉아있다.

children are exposed to the danger.
아이들이 위험에 노출되었다.

children are routinely immunized against polio.
아이들은 일상적으로 소아마비에 대한 면역 주사를 맞는다.

children are prone to do things just to get attention from other people.
어린애들은 대개 다른 사람의 시선을 끌기 위해 뭔가를 하려 한다.

children have an instinctive dread of the dark.
아이들은 본능적으로 어두운 곳을 두려워한다.

children love to draw with colored crayons.
아이들은 색색의 크레용으로 그림그리는 것을 좋아한다.

children love playing on lawns , but it can cause bare patches.
아이들은 잔디 위에서 노는것을 좋아한다 , 하지만 이것은 잔디가일어나는것을 야기한다.

children play wildly because they have too much beans.
아이들은 원기가 넘쳐 흐르기 때문에 거칠게 논다.

my , you know , history , my ancestry , look at how hard it was to get to where i am.
저희 역사 , 저희 조상을 보면 아시겠지만 제가 지금 위치에 이르기까지 얼마나 힘들었겠어요.

my work is usually pleasant and sometimes exciting.
나의 직업은 전체적으로 즐겁고 때로는 흥미진진 합니다.

my work in the company is canvassing.
회사에서의 나의 일은 외교이다.

my dentist said i would have fewer cavities if i abstained from eating candy.
치과의사는 내가 사탕을 먹지 않으면 충치를 줄일 수 있을 거라고 말했다.

my children might not have understood the warning.
아이들이 경고를 못 알아들을지도 몰라요.

my parents are coming next weekend. i'd like to take them out to brunch on sunday , but i do not know where to go. any suggestions ?.
다음 주말에 부모님이 오시거든요. 그래서 부모님 모시고 일요일날 아침 겸 점심먹으러 가려고 하는데 , 어디가 좋은지 모르겠어요. 혹시 아는 데 있어요 ?.

my parents are worried about our argument.
나의 부모님은 우리의 논쟁에 대해 걱정을 하신다.

my parents packed away food downstairs.
아래층에 부모님이 음식을 저장해두었다.

my time is taken up with petty administration than with treating the sick.
환자의 치료보다 자질구레한 행정 업무에 시간을 빼앗기고 있다.

my mind is a complete blank.
전혀 기억이 나지 않아.

my mind was filled with a mishmash of jumbled thoughts.
온갖 잡다한 생각들로 머릿속이 뒤죽박죽이었다.

my mind misgives me about the result.
결과가 걱정된다.

my car was a worthless wreck.
내 차는 무참한 꼴이 되어 있었다.

my car has good gas mileage.
내 차는 연비가 좋다.

my friends , there are no friends. (gabriel coco chanel).
내 친구들이여 , 세상에 친구란 없다네. (가브리엘(코코) 샤넬 , 친구명언).

my baby due is aug.10 , give or take a few days.
우리 아기 출산 예정일은 8월 10일 전후다.

my cousin has a pet snake.
내 사촌은 애완용 뱀을 갖고 있어요.

my stomach is upset by the excessive drinking last night.
어제 저녁 과음으로 속이 나빠요.

my stomach has begun to bulge out.
배가 불룩 나오기 시작했다.

my dream is to be one of high stature and respect.
나의 꿈은 높은 위상과 존경을 받는 것도 그 중 하나이다.

my home was originally in boston.
원래 내 고향은 보스턴이다.

my brother studied for his math test.
오빠가 수학 시험 공부를 하고 있다.

my brother enjoys reading comic books as much as i do.
내 동생은 나만큼 만화책을 좋아한다.

my plan was unexpectedly frustrated. or my plan got spoiled so easily.
일이 맹랑하게 됐다.

my computer broke down , so i called a technician for a house call.
컴퓨터가 고장 나서 출장 수리를 부탁했다.

my birthday falls on sunday this year.
올해에는 내 생일이 일요일이에요.

my dress hem got stuck in the door.
옷자락이 문에 끼었어요.

my old , discarded boots had been letting in water on even moderately damp ground.
낡아서 버린 내 장화는 약간 축축한 땅에서도 물이 새 들어왔다.

my little brother is very lazy.
내 남동생은 매우 게으르다.

my team pressed an attack first.
우리 팀이 먼저 공격을 강행했다.

my hands are tingling-num.
손이 마비되어 따끔따끔 아픕니다.

my boss is a real ogre.
우리 사장은 정말 괴물이야.

my boss thinks it's fun to give people the arse.
상사는 사람들을 해고하는 것을 재미있다고 생각한다.

my boss surprised his wife with a dazzling new ring.
사장님은 휘황찬란한 새 반지를 선물해 부인을 놀라게 했다.

my company does not discriminate women from men.
우리 회사는 남녀 차별이 없다.

my company gives a prize to the salesperson who sells the most.
우리 회사에서는 가장 많은 제품을 판 판매원에게 상을 준다.

my company imports raw materials and exports farm machinery.
우리 회사는 천연 원료를 수입하고 농업 기계류를 수출한다.

my friend lost her job and became insolvent.
내 친구는 실직해서 파산했다.

my friend brenda has suddenly gone deaf in one ear.
내 친구 , brenda는 갑자기 한 쪽 귀가 먹게 되었다.

my teacher brings my attitude into question.
우리 선생님은 나의 태도를 문제 삼았다.

my lover is the jewel in my crown.
내 애인은 눈부신 사람이다.

my new book is a complete failure.
나의 새 책은 완전 실패작이다.

my father always told me not to be swell-headed.
나의 아빠는 항상 나에게 자만해선 안된다고 말했다.

my father had a career in the military.
나의 아버지는 직업군인 이시다.

my father used to say , 'a stitch in time saves nine' - and i think that's an important message.
아버지는 " 제때의 한 땀이 뒤의 아홉바늘은 던다. " 라는 말씀을 하곤 하셨는데 , 나는 그것이 중요한 메세지라고 생각한다.

my father was an avid collector. they all came down from him.
제 아버님께서 열렬한 수집가이셨어요. 그것들은 모두 아버님께서 물려주신 거지요.

my father was held in high repute by his colleagues.
우리 아버지는 동료들로부터 좋은 평판을 받았다.

my father put a dollop of mashed potato on my plate.
아버지가 으깬 감자 한 덩어리를 내 접시에 놓아주셨다.

my father vowed not to smoke.
아버지께서 금연을 맹세하셨다.

my father wears dentures. that's why he has bad breath.
우리 아버지는 의치를 하고 계셔. 그래서 입냄새가 좀 나시지.

my dog chewed up my shoe and ruined it.
개가 내 신발을 물어뜯어서 못 쓰게 만들었다.

my child has got quite spoilt.
우리집 아이는 너무 응석을 부린다.

my step-dad though , he is definitely an awesome guy.
새아빠이지만 , 그는 정말로 멋진 남자이다.

my grandfather was ambidextrous , so he could write with both his left and his right hands.
우리 할아버지는 양손잡이여서 왼손과 오른손으로 다 글씨를 쓰실 수 있었다.

my grandmother is seventy this year.
할머니는 올해 칠순이시다.

my clothes are worn to tatters.
옷이 떨어져 녹초가 되었다.

my clothes have gotten wet and soggy from rain.
옷이 비에 젖어 후줄근해졌다.

my eyes are bloodshot because of lack of sleep.
수면 부족으로 눈이 충혈되었다.

my eyes lighted on some friends in the crowd.
군중 속에 있는 몇몇 친구들에게 나의 시선이 멈췄다.

my eyes smart from the smoke.
연기 때문에 눈이 따갑다.

my eyes smart from the smoke.
담배 때문에 눈이 따가워요.

my eyes swim. or i feel dizzy.
눈이 팽 돈다.

my blood curdled at the sight of the masked robber.
복면을 쓴 강도를 보자 피가 얼어붙는 듯했다.

my apartment is near a bus stop and train station , and just a short commute from most downtown attractions.
제가 살고 있는 아파트는 버스 정류장과 기차역에 인접해 있으며 , 시내 대부분의 명소들까지 오가는 거리도 가깝습니다.

my mother was so furious with me !.
어머니가 나한테 굉장히 화나셨어 !.

my mother was full of praise for my good deed.
어머니는 선행을 극구 칭찬했다.

my mother worked nights in a hospital.
나의 어머니는 병원에서 밤일을 하셨다.

my name is jane cooper and my number is 765-4321.
저의 이름은 제인 쿠퍼이고 전화번호는 765-4321입니다.

my name for the large hadron collider is genesis two.
대형 하드론 충동 가속기인 나의 이름은 제네시스 2입니다.

my dad is utterly indifferent to the outer man.
아버지께서는 외관에는 전혀 무관심하다.

my dad will pick over the most beautiful rose in the bouquet.
아버지가 부케에서 가장 아름다운 장미를 골라내실 것이다.

my wife thinks she has me under her thumb.
내 아내는 나를 자기 손아귀에 쥐고 있다고 생각하고 있어요.

my wife takes ages to make (her face) up in the mornings.
내 아내는 아침마다 화장하는 데 무척 오래 걸린다.

my son is very curious and asks a lot of questions.
나의 아들은 매우 호기심이 많아서 질문이 많다.

my son has mucked up my dress.
아들이 내 옷을 더럽혔다.

my son seems to be incapable of understanding anything about mathematics. he's failing both algebra and trigonometry.
우리 아들은 수학을 전혀 이해하지 못하는 것 같아요. 그 애는 대수랑 삼각법 두 과목에 서 다 낙제예요.

my daughter is in her seventh (calendar) year.
딸은 우리 나이로 일곱 살이다.

my daughter is back from the states.
내 딸이 미국에서 돌아왔어.

my daughter was strung out alone in her room.
내 딸이 방에서 혼자 우울해했다.

my kid has become so much more defiant since entering puberty.
아이가 사춘기에 접어들면서 부쩍 반항이 심해졌다.

my kid smeared paint on his hands.
아이가 손에 페인트를 칠했어요.

my sister is thinking of buying a house.
나의 누이는 집을 살 것을 고려중이다.

my sister stop playing the piano two years ago.
언니는 2년 전에 피아노 치는 것을 그만두었다.

my sister has a crush on you.
내 여동생이 너한테 연정을 품고 있어.

my sister sat in the pastor's pocket.
내 여동생은 목사의 측근이 되었다.

my sister tore the paper in half.
내 여동생은 종이를 반으로 찢었다.

my goal is to be a congressman.
내 목표는 국회의원이 되는 겁니다.

my parents' latest acquisitions are a dishwasher and a new car.
우리 부모님이 최근에 구입하신 것은 식기세척기와 새 자동차다.

my heart was pounding.
내 심장은 쿵쾅거렸다.

my heart broke when i heard the news.
그 소식을 듣고 가슴이 찢어지는 것 같았다.

my heart just bleeds for you.
당신 때문에 내 마음이 아파요.

my heart just bleeds for her.
그녀 때문에 마음이 아파.

my heart almost leapt into my mouth when i saw the news.
내가 그 뉴스를 봤을 때 난 거의 기절초풍했다.

my heart lurched , not knowing whether or not my son was alive.
아들의 생사를 알 길이 없어 심장이 마구 뛰었다.

my hand slipped and spilt milk.
손이 미끄러져 우유를 엎질렀다.

my favorite one is a superhero that i made up all by myself.
내가 가장 좋아하는 초영웅은 내가 직접 만들어낸 사람이야.

my favorite country is costa rica.
내가 좋아하는 나라는 코스타리카이다.

my nose is all bunged up.
내 코가 다 막혀 버렸어.

my nose is all clogged up from a cold.
감기 때문에 코가 모두 막혀버렸다.

my nose is stuffed up from a cold.
감기로 코가 막혔다.

my original investment doubled.
원래 투자금이 두 배로 늘어났다.

my neck muscles are tensed up.
목 근육이 당깁니다.

my aunt is a housemother at a college dormitory.
우리 고모는 대학 기숙사 사감이다.

my boss's as long winded as ever.
우리 사장은 언제나 말이 길어요.

my daily schedule as a dental hygienist is a little complicated.
치위생사로서의 나의 하루 일정은 조금 복잡하다.

my normally poor handwriting became even harder to read from writing hastily.
그렇지 않아도 글씨를 못 쓰는데 급하게 써서 더 알아보기 힘들었다.

my long-cherished desire is at last accomplished.
나의 오랜 소원이 마침내 이루어졌다.

my mouth is burning from the chili pepper.
고추를 먹었더니 입 안이 얼얼하다.

my duties seem to change daily at the whim of the boss.
내 임무는 사장의 변덕에 따라 매일 달라지는 것 같다.

my fears that he might fail proved to be unfounded.
그가 실패하지나 않을까 하는 내 불안은 쓸데없는 기우였다.

my opinion is very close to yours.
나의 의견도 너의 것과 가깝다.

my anxieties have not been assuaged by the debate.
나의 불안감들은 그 토론에도 달래지지 않았다.

my ideas were in collision with yours.
내 의견이 네 의견과 충돌했다.

my guest today is diana krall , a singer whose soulful voice and musical interpretations have made her one of the bestselling jazz vocalists in history.
오늘 초대 손님은 영혼을 울리는 목소리와 뛰어난 음악 해석으로 역사상 앨범을 가장 많이 팔아치운 재즈 보컬리스트 중 한 명인 다이애나 크롤입니다.

my neighbor does not have both oars in the water.
내 이웃은 좀 별나다.

my neighbor helped me fix my roof.
내 이웃이 지붕고치는 것을 도와주었다.

my neighbor piped off after seeing me steal her car.
내가 이웃의 차를 훔치는 걸 보고 그녀는 경찰에 신고했다.

my mom is waiting my leisure.
엄마는 나의 여가가 생길 때까지 기다리고 있다.

my mom will not let me go to the retreat.
엄마가 수련회 가는 걸 허락 안 하실 거야.

my mom said fudong economic district is really fantastic.
엄마께서 푸동경제지구가 그렇게 좋다고 하시더라.

my aunt's hat looked as if it came out of the ark.
이모의 모자는 마치 노아의 방주에서 나온 물건처럼 보였다.

my swimming instructor showed us how to dive into the water.
수영 강사가 물에 다이빙하는 법을 가르쳐주었다.

my gratitude is boundless. thanks so much.
무한히 감사드려요. 정말 고마워요.

my brothers , all , they told teklu to go back again to bahrain.
남자 형제들은 모두 테클루 씨에게 다시 바레인으로 돌아가라고 말했습니다.

my grandma is as deaf as a post.
할머니는 귀가 전혀 안 들린다.

my dvd also had a coupon good for one free admission to warner bros.
나의 dvd에는 warner bros에 1회 무료입장할 수 있는 쿠폰이 있었다.

my motto is , never bring your work home with you.
제 신조는 '절대 일을 집으로 갖고 가지 말라'입니다.

my oldest son is on the active list.
내 큰 아들이 현역 복무 중이다.

my stockbroker talked me into buying shares of the pharmaceuticals.
내 주식 중개인은 그 제약회사의 주식을 사라고 나를 설득했다.

my back's been acting up recently.
등 질환이 재발했어.

my suitcase is tagged with my flight number.
내 서류 가방에 비행기 번호가 적힌 꼬리표가 달려 있다.

my heart's palpitating and i sweat from every pore.
내 심장은 두근거리고 식은땀이 난다.

my heartfelt thanks to all of you for your help.
도움을 주신 여러분께 심심한 감사를 표합니다.

my gorge rises at it. or the sight sickens me.
보기만 해도 아니꼽다.

my 13-year-old cousin asked me why everyone was drunk.
13살인 사촌 형은 나에게 왜 모두가 술에 취했냐고 물었다.

my homestay sister's name was dulce.
나의 홈스테이 여동생의 이름은 dulce였다.

my father-in-law used to be a docent at this place.
저의 장인어른께서는 이 곳에서 안내원을 하셨습니다.

my waistline feels like it's doubled.
허리 둘레가 두 배로 늘어난 느낌이야.

my daughter' s bedroom is full of guitars , amplifiers , keyboards and miscellaneous gadgetry.
내 딸의 침실은 기타와 확성기 , 피아노와 잡다한 장치들로 가득 차 있다.

my stocking has a run in it.
스타킹이 나갔다.

parents tell their children the story of how a carp became a dragon to encourage their children to work hard for their dreams.
또한 부모들은 자녀들이 자신들의 꿈을 이루기 위해 열심히 일해야 한다는 교훈을 주기 위해 잉어가 용이 된 이야기를 들려주곤 한다.

parents blame schools for not keeping a careful eye on campus.
부모들은 교정에서 아이들을 잘 관리하지 않는다고 학교를 나무란다.

live.
살다.

live.
살아가다.

live.
살아오다.

london should be in the vanguard of change.
런던은 변화의 선두에 있어야 한다.

have a crust of about two centimeters.
이에 따라 나폴리 피자는 지름 35cm 이상을 넘으면 안 되고 중간층의 두께도 0.3cm 이하여야만 하고 크러스트도 약 2cm 있어야만 한다.

have you finished your report , constable ?.
조서 작성 다 됐나요 , 순경 아저씨 ?.

have you finished reading that book i lent you ?.
내가 빌려준 그 책 다 읽었어요 ?.

have you read the new roosevelt biography ?.
새로 나온 루스벨트 전기를 읽었나요 ?.

have you read mcclelland' s voluminous account of his life and work ?.
맥클러랜드가 자신의 인생과 작품에 대한 말한 그 부피 큰 책을 읽었습니까 ?.

have you been to the city of brotherly love ?.
미국 필라델피아에 가본 적 있니 ?.

have you been informed of changes in our refund policy ?.
환불 방침이 바뀌었다는 얘기 들었어요 ?.

have you seen the 'copier use by department' chart ?.
부서별 복사기 사용' 차트를 본적이 있나 ?.

have you decided on a departure date ?.
출발하실 날짜는 정하셨어요 ?.

have you heard any more about the brazil project ?.
브라질 프로젝트에 관해 더 들은 소식 있어요 ?.

have you ever been to the bailey museum ?.
베일리 박물관에 가 보신 적 있어요 ?.

have you ever been unfaithful to him ?.
그를 두고 외도를 한 적이 한 번이라도 있나요 ?.

have you studied for the test tomorrow ?.
내일 시험공부는 했니 ?.

have you spoken to anyone at the warehouse yet ?.
창고에 있는 사람한테 얘기 해 뒀어요 ?.

have you talked to maria , the student from india ?.
인도에서 온 학생 마리아에게 말을 붙여봤어요 ?.

have everyone scoop out what they want squirt the whipped stuff on.
나는 필사적으로 그 불길에 대고 물을 뿌렸다.

have corn in a large pan and gradually pour the syrup over the corn.
옥수수를 큰 팬에 놓고 옥수수 위에 점차 시럽을 부으세요.

there he sat , blubbering like a baby.
그가 거기 앉아서 아이처럼 엉엉 울고 있었다.

there is a bus stop in front of the massage parlor.
안마소 앞에 버스 정류장이 하나 있습니다.

there is a bus stop in front of the massage parlor.
사랑이란 하루 종일 쇼핑을 한 후 피곤한 당신의 발을 마사지 해 주는 사람이다.

there is a great chasm between those two systems of government.
두 정부 체제간에는 큰 의견차가 있다.

there is a lot of variation in digit ratio and aggression among individuals in both sexes.
남성이든 여성이든 , 개인의 손가락 길이 비율과 공격 성향은 매우 다양한 양상을 보이기 때문입니다.

there is a good deal of work left undone. or there are heaps of work in arrears.
일이 산같이 밀려 있다.

there is a big sale downtown tomorrow.
내일 시내에서 대바겐세일이 있어요.

there is a slow decline in birthrate and a fast decline in death rate.
출생률은 완만히 감소하고 사망률은 빠르게 증가하고 있다.

there is a growing need to introduce wps in preparation for aging society.
고령화 사회를 대비해서 wps 도입의 필요성이 증가하고 있다.

there is a scent of revolution in the air.
혁명의 태동이 느껴진다.

there is a saying that goes , ? here ignorance is bliss , 'tis folly to be wise. ?.
식자우환이라는 말이 있다.

there is a moon in the night sky.
밤하늘에 달이 떠 있어요.

there is a large network of friends , family members and human smugglers who arrange the journey for them.
가족과 친지 또는 인신매매범들의 도움을 빌려야 하는 경우도 많습니다. ?.

there is a large collection of texts available for consultation on-screen.
화면으로 참조할 수 있도록 모아 놓은 텍스트가 많다.

there is a certain unreality about that view.
그 관점에는 분명히 비현실적인 데가 있다.

there is a limit in befooling one.
사람을 놀려도 분수가 있지.

there is a limit of three copies per customer.
이 책은 한 사람당 세 권까지 사실 수 있습니다.

there is a simple arbitrage built into his business plan.
그의 사업계획에서 만들어진 간단한 재정거래가 있어.

there is a cabin in a clearing in the forest.
숲 속의 빈터에 한 채의 오두막이 있다.

there is a close connection between smoking and lung cancer. or lung cancer has a close relation to smoking.
흡연과 폐암 사이에는 밀접한 관련이 있다.

there is a box of odd socks in the laundry room.
짝이 안 맞는 양말들이 든 상자가 세탁실에 있다.

there is a narrow walkway next to the school.
학교 바로 옆에는 좁은 인도가 있다.

there is a faint resemblance between them.
그들 사이에는 어딘가 닮은 데가 있다.

there is a choice , and the international community needs to know if iran is willing to negotiate seriously.
이란은 선택을 해야합니다. 그리고 국제 사회는 이란이 심각하게 협상할 의지가 있는지 알기를 원합니다.

there is a myth that a morning drink will help cure a hangover.
해장술이 숙취를 해소하는 데 도움을 준다는 설이 있다.

there is a distinction between members who abstain because they can not help but do so and those who abstain deliberately.
어쩔 수 없이 기권한 구성원과 심사숙고한 구성원 사이에는 차이가 있다.

there is a rip on one seam.
솔기가 터졌다.

there is a frog in the pond.
연못에 개구리 한 마리가 있어요.

there is a deviation in water costs from region to region.
수도 요금이 지역별로 편차를 보이고 있다.

there is a vacancy for a shop assistant.
가게 종업원 자리가 하나 났다.

there is a crackdown on driving under the influence (of alcohol) these days.
요즘은 음주 운전 단속 기간이다.

there is a switchboard service in the building.
그 건물에는 교환대가 있다.

there is a snob value in driving the latest model.
최신 모델(의 차)을 모는 것은 속물적 가치 때문이다.

there is a tacit agreement between the two.
양자간에 묵계가 있다.

there is a nascent democratic civil society movement.
초기 민주주의 시민 사회 운동이 있다.

there is a paucity of study with adolescents.
청소년들에 대한 연구가 많이 부족하다.

there is a scarecrow in the middle of the field.
들판 한가운데에 허수아비가 서 있다.

there is not a shade of doubt.
티끌만한 의심도 없다.

there is not any honest person on god's earth.
도대체가 정직한 사람이 없다.

there is no water in this recipe.
이 조리법에는 물이 필요없습니다.

there is no way to predict which convicted murderer will kill again.
유죄 판결을 받은 살인범이 다시 살인을 저지를 것이라는 사실을 예측할 방법은 없다.

there is no way that we can defeat the terrorists.
우리가 테러리스트들을 이길 방법이 없었다.

there is no truth in his allegation.
그의 주장에는 진실이 없다.

there is no bird in the sky.
하늘에는 새가 없다.

there is no reason for that. or it is unreasonable. or it can not be so.
그럴 턱이 없다.

there is no longer the likelihood of a world war.
세계대전의 가능성은 없다.

there is no longer any stigma attached to being divorced.
이젠 더 이상 이혼한 것에 대해 어떤 오명이 붙지 않는다.

there is no saying what may happen.
무슨 일이 일어날지 아무도 모른다.

there is no magic pill for obesity.
비만에 사용되는 마법의 약은 없다.

there is no doubt among american and iraqi military advisors that the 'treasure trove' of information found after his hiding place was bombed has cast more light on al-qaeda's operations.
자르카이의 은신처에 폭격이 가해진 이후 발견된 귀중한 정보가 알카에다 조직망에 대해 더 많은 것을 알려준다는 사실은 미국과 이라크 군 사 수뇌부 사이에 의심의 여지가 없습니다.

there is no surface water sewer in the village.
마을에 있는 하수구에는 지표수(표층수)가 없다.

there is no juice in that electrical wire.
저 전선에는 전기가 흐르지 않는다.

there is no foundation for the rumor.
그것은 뜬소문이다.

there is no swimming against the current of the times.
시대 조류에 역행할 수는 없다.

there is no justification for the defendant staying away.
피고가 접근하지 못하게 막을 수 있는 근거가 없다.

there is no restriction at all on withdrawals from an lsa.
lsa 로 부터의 철수에는 아무런 제한이 없다.

there is no persuasion in his remarks.
그의 발언은 설득력이 없다.

there is no coherence to government policies.
정부정책은 일관성이 없다.

there is often no discernible difference between rival brands.
서로 경쟁 관계에 있는 상표들 사이에는 흔히 알아차릴 만한 차이가 없다.

there is always chauvinism attached to any activity.
항상 애국주의에 애착을 가진 활동이 있다.

there is something of the dilettante about him.
그에게는 좀 호사가 같은 면이 있다.

there is something mysterious about that mountain.
저 산은 어딘지 신비스럽다.

there is something chic about her.
그녀에겐 어딘가 멋있는 데가 있다.

there is something amiss with my car.
차의 어딘가가 잘못되었다.

there is something scraping against the window.
무엇인가 창문에 쓰적거리는 것이 있다.

there is great discontent among the local residents.
지역 주민들의 불만이 크다.

there is an even chance of success.
성공할 가능성은 반반입니다.

there is an ambience of togetherness and positivity.
단란함과 확실함의 분위기가 있다.

there is an isle halfway up the river.
강 중류에 작은 섬이 있다.

there is some slack in the manufacturing sector.
제조업이 약간 침체되었다.

there is some discrepancy between the two accounts.
두 설명에 서로 어긋나는 점이 있다.

there is money to pay for sunglasses.
선글라스 값을 치를 돈이 있다.

there is another aspect of my country that makes it unique in the americas and that is our bilingual and bicultural make up.
우리 나라에는 아메리카 대륙에서 우리를 특별하게 만드는 또 다른 요소인 2개국어 사용과 두 문화 병용 체제가 있다.

there is question of destroying the embankment by the earthquake.
지진으로 인해 둑이 붕괴될 가능성은 전혀 없다.

there is nothing malevolent about it ; it is a natural monopoly.
이것은 사악한 것이 아니다. 자연 독점일 뿐이다.

there is yet time before daybreak.
아직 훤해지지도 않았다.

there is one very nice sucker mold.
당신은 영리하고 분별력이 있어 어렵게 번 돈을 쉽게 쓰지 않는군요.

there is little ink in the bottle.
병에 잉크가 조금밖에 없다.

there is also a satellite office at harlesden.
할레스던에 또한 지사가 있다.

there is only one way to do it.
그것을 할 수 있는 방법은 하나밖에 없다.

there is only one correct way to drink whisky , and that is how you prefer it.
위스키를 제대로 맛보는 법은 딱 한 가지입니다. 바로 자신이 선호하는 방식으로 마시는 것입니다.

there is too much respect of the three of us.
저희 세 사람의 서로에 대한 존경심은 대단합니다.

there is public unrest throughout the country.
전국적으로 민심이 동요하고 있다.

there is value in having coherent policies.
일관된 정책을 취하는 것은 가치있는 일이다.

there is fine sand in the hourglass.
모래시계에는 알갱이가 고운 모래가 들어가 있다.

there is constant disharmony among members of the family. they are always arguing.
그 가족은 불화가 끊이지 않는다. 그들은 항상 다투고 있다.

there is constantly veiled enmity among them.
그들 사이에는 끊임없는 암투가 벌어지고 있다.

there is mounting tension along the border.
국경을 따라서 긴장 상태가 고조되고 있다.

there is ample evidence , as my hon.
내 명예만큼 그 증거는 충분하다.

there is disillusion with established political parties.
어른들의 이기심에 동심이 멍들어 가고 있다.

there is scarcely a man but thinking.
생각하지 않는 사람은 거의 없다.

there , she meets inuyasha , a half-demon who seeks the shikon jewel to make himself a full-fledged demon.
그곳에서 그녀는 사혼의 구슬을 얻어 진정한 요괴가 되고싶어 하는 이누야샤를 만납니다.

there in the centre was santa waving surrounded by presents.
그 중앙에 선물로 둘러싸여진 산타가 손을 흔들고 있었다.

there are a lot of people who gained sudden wealth.
벼락부자 된 놈들이 너무 많더라구.

there are a lot of seashells here to be collected.
이 곳에는 수집될 만한 바닷 조개가 많이 있다.

there are a few purely ornamental plants.
순전히 장식용인 식물들이 있다.

there are a number of new features in this cemetery.
이 공동묘지에는 여러가지 새로운 특징들이 있습니다.

there are a number of reasons why ticket touts exist.
암표상이 존재하는 많은 이유들이 있다.

there are a fireplace to the left and a cradle near it.
왼쪽에는 벽난로가 있고 그 근처에 요람이 있다.

there are , however , a few minor problems.
다만 일부 지역에서 사소한 문제가 있습니다.

there are now so many tests and accountability systems that they often send conflicting messages.
현재 시험과 학업 성적 책임 제도가 너무 많아서 가끔 그들의 의견이 서로 엇갈린다.

there are not many players who can outrun me.
그 새 모델에 대한 수요가 공급을 웃돌고 있다.

there are not only paper plates and napkins , but even disposable razors and cameras.
종이 접시와 손수건 뿐 아니라 심지어 1회용 면도기와 카메라도 있다.

there are the highs and lows in the output depending on the location.
지역에 따라 생산량의 차이가 있다.

there are no more seats available.
더이상 좌석이 없습니다.

there are no john lee hooker user fan sites.
john lee hooker의 팬사이트는 없다.

there are no facts , only interpretations. (friedrich nietzsche).
사실이란 것은 없고 , 해석만 있다. (프레드리히 니체 , 지혜명언).

there are no billy ray gallion user fan sites.
billy ray gallion 사용자 팬사이트는 없다.

there are no restrictions on civil servants holding other jobs.
공무원의 겸직에는 제한이 없다.

there are no carb diets , cardio-free diets , low-fat diets , low calorie diets , high fiber diets , detox diets and diets that promise quick weight loss results.
탄수화물 다이어트 , 심장 무리가 가지 않는 다이어트 , 저지방 다이어트 , 저칼로리 다이어트 , 고섬유질 다이어트 , 해독 다이어트 , 그리고 단 시간에 다이어 트 결과를 약속하는 다이어트는 없어요.

there are no buffers , no real proxies.
그곳에는 완충지역이나 대리권도 없다.

there are no inhibitions about laughing loudly.
크게 웃는 것에는 자제력이 없다.

there are so many people in the pool.
풀장에 사람들이 너무 많다.

there are very few lone wolves these days.
요즘에는 외로움을 즐기는 사람들이 거의 없다.

there are people crossing the streeet.
사람들이 길을 건너고 있다.

there are all kinds of swindles and con games online.
온라인상의 사기 수법도 천태만상이다.

there are all sorts in there.
저기에는 모두 정렬되어 있다.

there are all sorts of absurdities in the proposal.
그 제안은 온갖 불합리한 점 투성이였다.

there are about 300 species , and about 80 of them are native to north america.
이것에는 300개의 종들이 있는데 하지만 80개의 종류만 북아메리카에 있다.

there are about 2 , 500 types of salmonella.
2500여 종의 살모넬라 균이 있다.

there are more english-language dailies in manila than in new york city , and more interesting stories , too.
마닐라에는 뉴욕보다 더 많은 영자 일간지들이 있고 , 재미있는 기사도 더 많다.

there are some people in the cable car.
케이블 카에 몇 사람이 타고 있다.

there are some bad rumors about her.
그녀에 대한 불미스러운 소문들이 나돌고 있다.

there are some differences and some similarities.
어떤 다른점과 유사점이 있다.

there are some doubtful aspects to his testimony.
그의 증언에는 석연치 않은 점이 있다.

there are some drawbacks to these devices.
이 기기에는 약간의 약점이 있다.

there are some sparrows in the tree.
나무에 참새 몇 마리가 앉아 있다.

there are some cucumbers and cabbages.
오이 몇 개와 양배추가 있습니다.

there are many people in the square.
광장에는 많은 사람들이 있다.

there are many small hairs inside the cochlea.
달팽이관 안에는 작은 털들이 많이 나 있답니다.

there are many different sides to the death penalty debate.
사형 논쟁에 대해 여러 관점들이 있다.

there are many countries in this hemisphere that are committed to moving forward on democracy , good governance and rule of law.
미주 지역에는 민주주의와 훌륭한 통치와 법치로 나아갈 결의로 있는 국가들이 많이 있다.

there are many issues which threaten world peace.
세계 평화를 위협하는 문제들이 많다.

there are many tall buildings in the distance.
멀리 높은 건물들이 많이 보인다.

there are many kinds of nebulae such as emission nebulae , reflection nebulae , planetary nebulae and ring nebulae.
발광성운 , 반사성운 , 행성상성운 , 그리고 반지모양성운과 같은 많은 종류의 성운들이 있어요.

there are many factors to child maltreatment.
아동 학대에는 다양한 원인이 있다.

there are many differences between an only child and a child that has siblings.
외동과 형제자매가 있는 아이사이에는 많은 차이점들이 있다.

there are many ways that suicide can be prevented.
자살을 예방할 수 있는 많은 방법들이 존재한다.

there are many episodes told of him.
그에 관한 많은 에피소드가 있다.

there are two or three companies in each industry and it's a cozy oligopoly.
각 산업에 두 , 세개 회사만이 있다면 소수독점이 이뤄지게 된다.

there are two versions , the tea or the coffee edition , both with colour swatches.
여기 있는 옷감의 견본을 보고 고르세요.

there are ten different areas of sexual deviations.
성적 일탈에는 10개의 서로 다른 영역들이 있다.

there are various different types of beetle.
딱정벌레는 서로 다른 여러 종류의 것이 있다.

there are various theories of why fingers and toes wrinkle in water.
왜 손가락 발가락이 물속에서 주름지는 지에 대한 다양한 이론이 있어요.

there are different forms of edible salt : unrefined salt , refined salt , and table salt.
식용 소금에는 다른 형태들이 있습니다 : 정제되지 않은 소금 , 정제된 소금 , 그리고 테이블용 소금입니다.

there are also the four books of confucianism.
또한 공자의 네 가지 책도 있다.

there are also minor bugs that can be inconvenient or frustrating.
불편하거나 답답한 사소한 버그도 있다.

there are nine mobile phone shops spread throughout the centre.
도심에 9개의 핸드폰매장이 도처에 널렸다.

there are several hundred hard-core taleban fighters in several southern afghan provinces.
남부 지역 주들에서 수 백 명의 골수 탈레반 잔당이 활동하고 있습니다.

there are several points to be duly considered.
몇 가지 감안해야 할 사항들이 있다.

there are several recognised standards for english language skills , including toefl (test of english as a foreign language) and ielts (international english language testing system).
입학 지원자들은 예외없이 toefl 점수가 적어도 550점은 되어야 하며 , 입학 (보통 9월) 1년 전에 gre 시험을 치러야 한다.

there are several unconventional natural deodorant options , including crystals or salt rocks that leave an almost unnoticeable residue when applied , but take care of underarm odor.
발랐을 때 거의 눈에 띄지 않는 잔여물을 남기지만 팔 아래 악취를 돌봐주는 수정 또는 소금 바위를 포함한 몇 가지 비전통적인 자연적인 탈취제 옵션들이 있습니다.

there are several unconventional natural deodorant options , including crystals or salt rocks that leave an almost unnoticeable residue when applied , but take care of underarm odor.
발랐을 때 거의 눈에 띄지 않는 잔여물을 남기지만 팔 아래 악취를 돌봐주는 수정 또는 소금 바위를 포함한 몇 가지 비전통적인 자연적인 탈 취제 옵션들이 있습니다.

there are campaigns to end the slaughter of whales.
고래 학살을 종결시키고자 하는 캠페인이 있습니다.

there are too many birds on the pond.
연못에 새들이 아주 많이 있다.

there are four types of color blindness.
색맹에는 4가지 유형이 있다.

there are four classifications of diabetes-related comas.
당뇨성혼수에는 네가지 종류가 있습니다.

there are confession and avoidance in the vote progress.
투표과정에는 승인 및 이의가 있다.

there are beautiful and intelligent women out there who are not bimbos.
머리만 비고 예쁜 여자들이 아닌 아름답고 지능이 있는 여자들이 밖에 있다.

there are signs that they are thinking more broadly and at the very beginnings , perhaps , of developing power projection for other chances other than taiwan.
중국은 보다 폭넓게 생각하고 있으며 , 처음부터 타이완 이외의 우발성에 대비한 군사력 개발계획을 생각하고 있다는 징후가 보인다고 로드만 차관보는 지 적했습니다.

there are signs that they are thinking more broadly and at the very beginnings , perhaps , of developing power projection for other chances other than taiwan.
중국은 보다 폭넓게 생각하고 있으며 , 처음부터 타이완 이외의 우발성에 대비한 군사력 개발계획을 생각하고 있다는 징후가 보인다고 로드 만 차관보는 지적했습니다.

there are five of us altogether.
모두 다섯 명이에요.

there are traditional african musicians who are very famous.
매우 유명한 아프리카 음악가들이 있다.

there are hand puppets , stick puppets and string puppets.
꼭두각시에는 손 인형 , 막대 인형 , 그리고 줄 인형이 있다.

there are 7 companies in bagdad that build swimming pools , there was only one company 10 years ago.
지금 바그다드에는 수영장을 짓는 회사가 7개가 있는데 10년 전만 해도 한 곳밖에 없었습니다.

there are strict rules on marriage between members of different castes.
다른 카스트 구성원들 간의 결혼에는 엄격한 규칙이 있다.

there are calls for more punitive measures against people who drink and drive.
음주 운전자들에 대해 더 많은 처벌 조치가 있어야 한다는 요구들이 있다.

there are plenty of other potential suitors only too willing to work with us.
우리와 기꺼이 함께 일하고자 하는 사람들은 넘쳐난다.

there are frequent occasions when it becomes necessary to do so.
이렇게 하지 않으면 안 될 경우가 많다.

there are lots of diamonds in the sky !.
하늘엔 수많은 다이아몬드가 있는 거라고 !.

there are lots of niche markets in the internet business.
인터넷 사업에는 틈새시장이 많아.

there are ways in which she can ventilate that through the house.
집 밖으로 그녀가 나가는 것이 환기시키는 방법이다.

there are anti-smoking campaigns from pole to pole.
세계 도처에서 금연 운동이 일어나고 있다.

there are ample provisions for such exciting watersports as sailing , windsurfing , water-skiing , snorkeling , scuba diving , parasailing , and deep-sea diving.
요트타기 , 윈드 서핑 , 수상 스키 , 스노클링 , 스쿠버 다이빙 , 패러세일링 , 그리고 심해 잠수 같은 흥미진진한 수상 스포츠도 폭넓게 준비되어 있습니다.

there are intimate relations between masters and pupils.
사제 관계가 친밀하다.

there are adders in the garden.
정원에 살무사가 있다.

there are triangles on the skirt.
치마에 세모 무늬가 있어요.

there are divergent opinions about the issue.
그 문제에 대해서 의견이 분분하다.

there are puddles here and there from the rain.
비가 와서 군데군데 웅덩이가 생겼다.

there are pencilings on the wallpaper.
벽지에 연필 낙서 자국이 있다.

there will be an effort to kind of scrutinize the financial transactions of a country that's engaged - proudly engaged - in producing weapons of mass destruction.
대량 살상 무기 생산을 추구하는 나라의 금융 거래 움직임에 대한 조사노력이 있는 것은 국제사회에서는 당연한 일입니다.

there will be plenty of food to delight you ; events that will entice you ; games that will astound you ; and exhibits that abound.
여러분을 즐겁게 할 풍부한 음식과 흥미로운 이벤트들 , 그리고 깜짝 놀라게 할 게임들을 비롯해 다양한 전시회가 준비될 것입니다.

there will also be a small desert and a tiny swamp.
작은 사막과 작은 늪지대도 있을 것이다.

there have been a lot of teething troubles with the new computer system.
이 새로운 컴퓨터 시스템은 처음에는 말썽이 많았다.

there have been several defections from the ruling party.
집권당에서 몇 건의 탈당이 있었다.

there have been quite a number of fatal accidents caused by the drivers distracted by cell phones.
휴대폰에 집중력이 흐트러진 운전자에 의해 발생했던 심각한 사고는 상당히 많다.

there have been further developments subsequent to our meeting.
우리 회의 뒤에 추가로 다른 일들이 전개되었다.

there being no objection , the meeting adjourned.
반대가 없었으므로 회의는 연기되었다.

there could not have been a more obdurate minister in relation to the matter.
그 문제에 대해 더 고집이 센 장관이 없는 것이 틀림없었다.

there sure are a lot of starfish here at the seashore.
여기 해변가에는 불가사리들이 정말 많군요.

there had been a hectic and systematic process of lobbying for the games.
경기에 영향력을 행사하려고 하는 숨돌림 틈 없는 체계적인 과정이 있었다.

there was a great musical band at the party.
파티에 훌륭한 음악 밴드가 있었다.

there was a major disturbance in france.
프랑스에서 대규모 소요 사태가 있었다.

there was a fire , believed to be arson , downtown last night.
어젯밤 도심에서 방화로 추정되는 화재가 발생했다.

there was a fire in my apartment complex.
우리 아파트 단지에 불이 났었습니다.

there was a growing unease about their involvement in the war.
그들이 그 전쟁에 연루되는 데 대한 불안감이 커지고 있었다.

there was a hush over the audience.
관객들은 조용했다.

there was a terrible commotion in the room opposite.
건너편 방에서 큰 소란이 있었다.

there was a town crier.
거리에서 포고를 알리던 사람이 있었다.

there was a large cleft between the rocks.
바위에 커다란 갈라진 틈이 있다.

there was a sudden drop in temperature this morning.
오늘 아침 기온이 급강하했다.

there was a popular theory that italy was originally an archipelago of small islands.
이탈리아는 원래 작은 섬으로 이뤄진 군도였다는 이론이 한때 유행했었다.

there was a fox on the prowl near the chickens.
닭들 가까이에서 여우 한 마리가 배회하고 있었다.

there was a faint pink tinge to the sky.
하늘에는 연한 분홍색 기운이 어려 있었다.

there was a dark smudge on his forehead.
그녀의 얼굴은 눈물로 범벅이 되었다.

there was a dearth of reliable information on the subject.
그 주제에 대해서는 믿을 만한 정보가 부족했다.

there was a momentary stir in the audience.
청중들은 한순간 술렁거렸다.

there was a blackout due to loose contact of electrical wires.
전선의 접촉 불량으로 정전이 되었다.

there was a thrilling finish to the race.
경기의 마지막은 숨 막히는 접전이었다.

there was a biographical note about the author on the back of the book.
책의 뒷면에는 저자에 관한 전기적인 메모가 적혀 있었다.

there was a ceaseless background hubbub of machines and voices.
배후에서 끊임없이 기계음과 목소리가 섞인 소음이 들려왔다.

there was a drizzle this morning.
오늘 아침에는 이슬비가 내렸다.

there was a longish pause.
꽤 긴 휴지가 있었다.

there was , however , a quorum on that occasion.
그러나 , 그 경우에 대하여 정족수가 있었습니다.

there was not a speck of cloud in the clear sky.
마른하늘에는 한 조각의 구름도 없었다.

there was not an actor worthy of the name in that play.
그 연극에는 배우라고 부르기에 어울릴만한 배우는 하나도 없었다.

there was no due diligence on that.
그부분에 대한 실사는 없었다.

there was no mistaking the bitterness in her voice.
그녀의 목소리에 담긴 신랄함을 잘못 판단할 수는 없었다.

there was no shoddy workmanship.
싸구려 물건은 전혀 들어가지 않았다.

there was great opposition and hostility towards him.
큰 반대가 있었고 적개심은 그를 향했다.

there was open hostility between the two schools.
그 두 학교 간에는 노골적인 적의가 존재했다.

there was more whisky in it than soda.
그 속에는 소다보다 위스키가 더 많았다.

there was an open rebellion against the constituted authority.
하극상이 벌어졌다.

there was an explosion at a chemical plant.
화학 공장에서 폭발 사고가 발생했다.

there was an element of mockery in his politeness.
그의 정중함에는 놀리는 듯한 부분이 있었다.

there was an unbroken series of victories for our army and navy.
우리 육군과 해군은 연전연승했다.

there was an embarrassed silence at the table.
테이블에선 무안한 침묵이 흘렀다.

there was an abundance of wine at the wedding.
그 결혼식에서는 포도주가 넘쳐났다.

there was an unnatural silence and then a scream.
이상한 침묵이 감돌더니 뒤이어 비명이 들려왔다.

there was some terrible conspiracy against cameron.
카메론에 대한 무시무시한 음모가 도사리고 있었다.

there was nothing very creditable in what he did.
그가 한 일에 별로 훌륭한 것은 없었다.

there was nothing unusual about him.
그에게는 평소와 다른 점이 없었다.

there was a(n) oppressive silence between the two.
둘 사이에 숨 막힐 듯한 침묵이 이어졌다.

there was undoubtedly a breach of the arms embargo.
의심할 여지없이 무기금지조치에 대한 위반이 있었다.

there may be unrecognised cases of manifest injustice of which we are unaware.
에미르 죤스 패리 유엔주재 영국 대사도 프랑스 대사의 생각과 유사한 견해를 표명했습니다.

there were not entirely wrongdoers in the accident.
잘못한 사람만 있었던 것은 아니다.

there were no signs of violence or pillage.
그 소도시는 약탈당하고 불태워진 상태였다.

there were no reported problems just hours before the delicate maneuver.
정교한 작전이 있기 단지 몇시간 전에 보고된 문제는 없었다.

there were three thousand people at the boxing match.
그 권투 경기에는 3천명의 사람들이 왔어요.

there were thirty organisations vying with each other.
서른 개의 기관들이 서로 경쟁하고 있었다.

there were several simultaneous attacks by the rebels.
반군들로부터 몇 건의 동시 공격이 있었다.

there were babies in buggies and old people.
그곳에는 유모차에 탄 아기들과 늙은 사람들이 있었다.

there were shelters available for homeless people.
노숙자들을 위한 보호소가 있습니다.

there were glasses of wine on tasting.
시음용 와인이 있었다.

there were 140 studying postgraduate taught courses and 95 postgraduate research courses.
응모 자격으로는 국제 경영 관리학 부문의 석사 학위를 가지고 계셔야 하며 , 시장 조사 연구 부문 경력이 8년 이상이어야 합니다.

there must be some way to stop going bust.
파산을 피할 방법이 뭔가 있을 텐데.

there has been a recent upsurge in demand for computer memory , as well as a worldwide shortage of supply.
세계적으로 공급이 부족할 뿐만 아니라 , 최근에 컴퓨터 메모리에 대한 요구가 급증하였습니다.

there has been a spate of robberies in the area recently.
최근에 이 지역에서 강도 사건이 잇따라 발생했다.

there has been the opportunity to enjoy a congenial dinner.
편안한 저녁을 즐길수 있는 기회였다.

there has been an estimated 820 , 000 people displaced since the bombing of al-askari shrine in february 2006.
2006년 2월 알 아스카리 사원 폭발 사건이 있을 후 약 820 , 000명의 추방된 사람들이 있어요.

there then followed the anglo-egyptian condominium and the sudan political service.
바로 그때 , 앵글로-이집션 공동통치국과 수단 정치 위원회가 생겨났다.

there really is no concept of a completely taboo word in japanese.
일본에는 실제로 완벽히 금기시 되는 단어라는 개념이 없다.

there existed between them a sort of telepathy which made words sometimes unnecessary.
그들 사이에는 때로 말을 필요 없게 만드는 일종의 텔레파시가 통했다.

there presently is no cure and victims usually do not live beyond their 20's.
현재로선 치료법이 없어 환자는 보통 스무살 이상 살지 못합니다.

all in all , the royal ascot really makes me feel like i am in england again.
대체로 로열 애스콧은 내가 다시 영국에 있는 것처럼 느끼게 한다.

all in all , then , mantua is marvellous.
그 때 , 대체로 , 만토바는 기막히게 좋았다.

all the people gathered around her and cheered.
모든 사람들이 그녀에게로 모여들어 환호성을 질렀어요.

all the members started to wear hemp armbands to express their condolences on the show music camp on mbc , november 30.
전 멤버들은 지난 11월 30일 mbc 뮤직캠프에서 애도를 표하기 위해 삼베 완장을 차기 시작했다.

all the snakes confiscated are venomous with no anti-venom available in south africa , said an official from the environment department.
" 압수된 뱀은 모두 남아프리카에는 이용할 수 있는 해독제도 없는 독액을 분비하는 것들이에요 ," 라고 한 환경부 관계자가 말했어요.

all the political parties stood together in a national crisis.
국가의 위기에 모든 정당이 한데 뭉쳤다.

all the drinks are on the house. so let's get blitzed tonight.
술은 모두 공짜이니 오늘 밤 진탕 마셔 보도록 하죠.

all the guns opened fire simultaneously.
일제히 포문을 열었다.

all the hotels are already booked out.
모든 호텔이 이미 다 예약이 됐어요.

all the commotion about the new tax law turned out to be much ado about nothing.
새로운 세법에 관한 소동은 결국 헛 소동이 되었다.

all the pomp and ceremony of a royal wedding.
왕실 결혼식의 그 모든 장관과 의식.

all he's interested in is satisfying his lust.
그의 관심사는 오직 자신의 육욕을 충족시키는 것이다.

all will be influenced by the ocean currents which are themselves determined by salinity and temperature differences as well as the winds.
그들 자신은 바람과 마찬가지로 염분과 온도차이에 의해 결정되는 해양의 파도에 의해 모든 것은 영향을 받을 것입니다.

all people have a pituitary gland inside their heads.
모든 사람들은 머릿속에 뇌하수체라는 것을 갖고 있어요.

all my plans for the party had gone awry.
내 파티 계획이 모두 엉망이 되어 버린 상태였다.

all of the people who were infected with the virus had direct contact with the diseased birds.
바이러스에 감염된 모든 사람들은 질병에 걸린 조류들과 직접 접촉했다.

all of the town's suspicious illnesses were inspected.
모든 도시의 의심이 가는 병들은 모두 검사되었다.

all of the correspondence is filed in chronological order.
모든 통신 서류는 날짜순으로 정리되어 있다.

all of this is a tribute to korea's communications infrastructure.
이 모든 것이 한국의 통신 기반시설 덕분에 가능합니다.

all of his blood , sweat , and tears turned out to be in vain.
그의 피땀 어린 노력이 허무하게 무너졌다.

all of these cars consume less gasoline.
이런 새로운 자동차들은 모두 휘발유를 적게 소모한다.

all of them were under the table by midnight.
자정 무렵이 되자 다들 술에 취해 뻗어버렸다.

all of us , whether christian or not , are sinners.
기독교 신자든 아니든 우리는 모두 죄인이다.

all we could hear were loud sobs , but no articulate words.
우리에게 들리는 건 크게 흐느끼는 소리뿐 분명한 말소리는 하나도 들리지 않았다.

all our patients have broadly similar problems.
우리의 모든 환자들은 대체로 비슷한 문제를 안고 있다.

all our fortunes are ordained by providence.
모든 것은 천명이다.

all her jewellery was in pawn.
그녀의 보석은 모두 전당포에 잡혀 있었다.

all those in favor of the motion , say yes.
이 동의안을 찬성하는 분들은 " 예 " 라고 대답하시오.

all animals need to respire , but i have no idea why.
모든 동물은 호흡을 해야한다는데 , 왜 그런지 모르겠다.

all three were stark naked and under the age of 10.
세명은 모두 알몸상태였고 , 10세 이하였다.

all night.
구조대의 도착은 그 상처 입은 등산가에게는 예상 밖의 행운이었다. 그는 하루 밤 동안 산 위에서 지내게 될지도 모른다고 생각하고 있었던.

all done packing ! i hope i am not overweight.
짐 다 꾸렸다 ! 중량 초과되지 않았으면 좋겠는데.

all agree that corrective measures must be taken_.
시정 조치를 취해야 한다는 점에 모두들 동의한다.

all business should be carefully attended to so that it never fails.
매사 불여 튼튼.

all human beings can not tail out from work.
모든 인간들은 일에서부터 도망칠 수 없다.

all members of dead poet society made their meeting in the small crypt.
죽은 시인의 사회 모든 구성원들은 작은 토굴에서 모임을 가졌다.

all his books perished in the fire.
그의 책은 모두 잿더미로 사라졌다.

all behavior has an inherited basis , but strictly speaking it is only a potentiality that is inherited.
모든 행동은 유전된 근거를 가지고 있으나 엄격히 말하면 가능성만 유전된다.

all these screaming children are driving me mad as a hatter.
법석을 떠는 이 아이들 때문에 나는 돌아버릴 것 같다.

all employees may accrue additional time off by working weekends and holidays.
전 직원들은 주말이나 공휴일에 업무를 하면 추가로 휴가를 받을 수 있습니다.

all real and tangible personal property located within the commonwealth of massachusetts is taxable unless specifically exempted by law.
법으로 특별 면제된 경우를 제외하고는 매사추세츠 주 내에 위치한 모든 실물 유형 개인 자산에 세금이 부과될 수 있다.

all blood cells begin as undifferentiated stem cells (pluripotent stem cells).
모든 혈구는 구분되지 않는 줄기세포로서 생성됩니다.

all attempts to deflect attention from his private life have failed.
그의 사생활에 관심이 쏠리지 않게 하려는 모든 노력이 실패했다.

all attempts failed but the last attempt.
모든 시도는 실패했지만 계속 시도를 한다.

all guests must check in before proceeding to the banquet hall.
모든 초대 손님은 연회장에 들어가기 전에 입장 절차를 밟아야 한다.

all art is an imitation of nature. (seneca).
모든 예술은 자연의 모방이다. (세네카 , 예술명언).

all vehicles come with a cd player as standard.
모든 차량에는 cd 플레이어가 기본적으로 따라 나온다.

all polar bears are lefthanded.
모든 북극곰들은 왼손잡이입니다.

all phones must now make a loud sound when an image is captured to alert people to secret snappers.
몰래 사진 찍는 사람의 존재를 알리기 위해서 사진을 찍을 때 모든 카메라폰에서는 큰 소리가 나도록 의무화 하고 있습니다.

all objects are formed from tiny particles known as molecules.
모든 물체는 분자로 알려진 작은 알갱이로 구성되어 있다.

all wars are a crime against humanity.
전쟁은 모두 끔찍하지요.

all 55 employees at the labs wear the pager-sized devices , which constant-ly emit ultrasonic signals picked up by a network of sensors built into the ceiling.
연구소에서 일하고 있는 총 55명의 직원들은 호출기 크기의 기기를 착용하고 있는데 , 천장에 내장되어 있는 센서망이 이 기기에서 지속적으 로 송출되는 초음파 신호를 포착합니다.

all reptiles have to slough their skin to grow.
지난 40년 동안 판매된 모든 파충류와 양서류는 자연에서 포획된 것이었다.

all planes are being inspected for possible cracking and corrosion.
혹시 금이 가거나 부식된 곳이 없는지 모든 비행기를 조사 중이다.

all transport , accommodation and victualling provided by the government of india.
모든 교통수단 , 숙박시설 , 그리고 음식이 인도의 정부로부터 제공됐다.

all references to marxism-leninism were deleted from the history books.
모든 마르크스-레닌주의 참조문은 역사책에서 삭제되었다.

all oxbridge colleges are part of the greater university , and students taking the same subjects are given lectures together , irrespective of which college they attend.
모든 옥스퍼드 단과대학들은 더 큰 종합대학의 일부이고 , 같은 과목을 수강하는 학생들은 그들이 다니는 단과대학에 관계없이 함께 강의를 받는다.

all showrooms are staffed during business hours.
bmw 회사는 도쿄에 화려한 쇼룸들을 개설할 최상급 부동산을 위해 근 5억 달러를 지불했다.

their.
그들의.

their lives are completely supervised , homogenized , and organized.
그들의 삶은 완전히 관리되고 , 통일되었으며 , 조직화되었다.

their other common name is " the gumboot chiton ".
그들의 다른 일반적인 이름은 " gumboot chiton " 이에요.

their study found that mobile phones had a significant negative impact on the sperm concentration and the percentage of motile sperm.
그들의 연구는 휴대전화가 전자의 농도와 운동성 있는 정액의 퍼센티지에 현저하게 부정적인 영향을 미친다는 것을 밝혔습니다.

their idea is called the " steady state " theory.
그들의 생각은 '안정적 상태' 이론이라고 불려 집니다.

their research about biological engineering has the lead.
유전자 공학에 대한 그들의 연구는 앞서가고 있다.

their research shows that the abundant reef growth on gotland was coeval with that in estonia.
이 연구는 고틀란트의 풍부한 암초 성장이 에스토니아의 암초 성장과 동시대에 일어났음을 보여 준다.

their share of the vote sagged badly at the last election.
지난번 선거에서 그들이 차지한 득표수가 크게 줄어들었다.

their " love of ombre ", suggests their frivolity.
그들의 " 옴브레 사랑 ", 이 그들의 천박함을 암시했다.

their leader kneels tacking scraps of tin over the knotholes on the floor.
그들의 지도자는 옹이 구멍 바닥 위에서 무릎을 꿇고 보잘것 없는 작은 조각을 시침질 했다.

their method of tracing ancestry is matrilineal , meaning only traced through their mothers.
그들의 조상을 밝혀내는 방법은 모계로 , 즉 그들의 어머니들을 통해서만 추적할 수 있다.

their clothes were dirty and their hair unwashed.
그들의 옷은 더러웠고 머리도 감지 않은 상태였다.

their products are notorious for poor quality.
그 회사 제품들은 질이 형편없기로 악명 높다.

their core philosophy is that happy employees create happy customers.
그들의 중심 철학은 행복한 직원이 행복한 고객을 만든다는 것이다.

their chief executive officer , mr. john edwards , will be coming here next week to discuss the takeover.
그 곳 대표 이사이신 존 에드워즈 씨가 인수 문제를 의논하기 위해 다음주에 이 곳에 옵니다.

their calendar is different from the jewish calendar.
그들의 달력은 유대력과 다르다.

their bodies had suffered contortion as a result of malnutrition.
그들의 몸은 영양실조에 시달린 결과 뒤틀려 있었다.

their designs are creative and beautiful.
그을의 디자인은 독창적이고 아름답다.

their given status must be accompanied by noblesse oblige.
그들에게 부여된 지위는 그 신분에 따르는 도의적 의무를 동반한다.

their comments have not materially affected our plans.
그들의 논평이 우리 계획에 중요한 영향을 미치지는 않았다.

their conversation was interrupted in midstream by the baby crying.
그들의 대화는 중간에 아기가 울어서 중단되었다.

their ads blanket downtown helsinki.
헬싱키 시내는 온통 그들의 광고로 뒤덮여 있다.

their chatter distracts me from studying.
그들의 수다 때문에 공부에 정신을 집중할 수 없다.

their adventures in africa will be dramatized in a tv series.
그들의 아프리카 모험은 tv 시리즈로 각색될 것이다.

their hospitality is proverbial.
그들의 환대는 소문이 나 있다.

their novelty was equal to their absurdity.
그들의 어리석음은 그들이 신기해하는 정도와 비례했다.

their copyright is in the public domain.
그들의 저작권은 권리 소멸상태이다.

their melodies and lyrics are dreamy , mesmerizing , even haunting at times , but the band have still managed to gain huge mainstream success.
곡의 멜로디와 가사는 몽안적이고 매혹적이서 계속 귓가를 맴도는 느낌마저 들 정도이지만 그 독창성 덕에 이 밴드는 주류 시장에서 큰 사랑을 받고 있다.

their smoldering discontent burst into flame.
마음속에 쌓였던 불만이 폭발했다.

their swords and spears are wrapped in lambskins.
그들은 창과 검을 양가죽으로 감싸고 있었다.

their wardrobe malfunction at the 2004 super bowl is still resonating.
2004년의 그 의상사고가 아직도 반향을 일으키고 있다.

their kiddie rhetoric may sound innocent , but it's cleverly , if not deliberately , designed to hit their enemies where they live.
그들의 유치한 말장난은 순수하게 들릴지 모르지만 , 고의적이지는 않더라도 그것은 주변의 적을 겨냥해서 교묘히 만들어진 것이다.

their flamboyance means they are better suited for the evening.
그들의 화려함은 그들이 저녁에 더 적당하다는 것을 의미한다.

of course i will visit her , but out of my own volition and not because i have been forced.
물론 나는 그녀를 찾아갈 텐데 , 내 자신의 결단에 의한 것이지 강요받았기 때문이 아니다.

of course i can prove it.
물론 증명할 수 있죠.

of course a limb can not grow back.
당연히 팔 다리는 다시 자라나올 수 없어.

of course , i do not condone it.
물론 , 난 그것을 용인안해.

of course , i am not very good as a lyricist yet and there are much better writers out there , but i will keep practicing.
물론 아직까지는 제가 괜찮은 작사가라고 할 수도 없고 저보다 실력이 더 괜찮은 분들이 많은 게 사실이지만 앞으로도 계속 노력할 생각이에 요.

of course , there will be a number of eye-catching moments here - some featuring otherworldly creatures , magic duels to the death , a clandestine though illicit wizardry school operated by harry and rides through nighttime london skies.
물론 , 여기에 공상속에서나 있는 생물체가 등장하고 , 죽음 마법 결투 , 해리에 의해서 운영되는 은밀하고 불법적인 마법학교 , 그리고 런던의 밤하늘을 가르며 타는 놀이기구 등 , 몇 가지 매력적인 순간들이 있어요.

of course , as is standard in the security business , we would require full guarantees for maintenance and service , and most importantly , a competitive quotation.
물론 보안업계의 관례대로 철저한 애프터 서비스가 제공되어야 하며 가장 중요한 것은 가격입니다.

of course , jesus died for everybody's salvation.
물론 , 예수님은 모두의 구원을 위해 죽으셨다.

of course this gene is not the only contributor than determines skin color in humans , but the research team announced that the gene seems to account for about 20 percent of the pigmentation differences between people of african and european descent.
물론 이 유전자들은 인간의 피부색을 결정짓는 유일한 원인은 아니지만 , 연구팀들은 이 유전자가 아프리카 사람들과 유럽 후손들 사이의 색소 형성 차이점 의 약 20퍼센트를 차지하는 것으로 보인다고 발표했어요.

of course this gene is not the only contributor than determines skin color in humans , but the research team announced that the gene seems to account for about 20 percent of the pigmentation differences between people of african and european descent.
물론 이 유전자들은 인간의 피부색을 결정짓는 유일한 원인은 아니지만 , 연구팀들은 이 유전자가 아프리카 사람들과 유럽 후손들 사이의 색 소 형성 차이점의 약 20퍼센트를 차지하는 것으로 보인다고 발표했어요.

of course people can not dig up sites.
당연히 사람들은 발굴하지 못할 것이다.

of course parents have every right to know the gender of their baby , but i wonder if korea's male-oriented trend is seizing the rights away from these unborn children.
물론 부모는 아기의 성별을 알 권리가 있다.그러나 한국의 남성지향적인 경향이 태어나지 않은 아이의 권리를 빼앗는 것은 아닌지 모르겠다.

of course we will change it for a larger size , madam.
그럼요. 더 큰 치수로 교환해 드리겠습니다 , 손님.

of course these projects will be done in a timely manner.
물론 이 프로젝트들은 적절한 때에 마무리가 될 것이다.

of course there's no hotel there , but a nice and cuddly cabin will be provided.
물론 그곳에 호텔은 없지만 , 멋지고 아늑한 오두막집이 제공된다.

of swann's 19 test wickets in the caribbean , 13 were lefthanders.
국제 왼손잡이 협회라는 단체가 1976년 처음으로 이 날을 공식 선언했어요.

time ran out before we could get down to the real nitty-gritty.
우리가 진짜 핵심에 들어가기도 전에 시간이 다 되었다.

time zones can also change due to daylight savings time.
또한 시간대는 일광 절약 시간제에 따라 바뀔 수도 있다.

something about that guy gives me the willies.
저 사람은 왠지 꺼림칙하다.

something came over me and i bought a new 19-inch lcd monitor yesterday.
어제 19인치 새 lcd 모니터 질러버렸어.

something fall from the spherical concave.
하늘에서 무언가가 떨어졌다.

something heavy ^dropped to the ground with a thump.
무거운 물체가 바닥으로 쿵 하고 떨어졌다.

moment magnifier method for long-term behavior of flat plate subjected to in-plane compression.
면내압축력을 받는 플랫 플레이트의 장기거동을 고려한 모멘트 증대법.

think of a number and multiply it by two.
숫자를 하나 생각하고 그것에 2를 곱하라.

think of them as stunt doubles and stand-ins for the animal stars.
이들은 스턴트 대역이고 스타가 된 동물의 대역 연기자라고 생각하면 됩니다.

think of bill clinton and his peccadilloes.
빌 클린턴과 그의 사소한 실수를 생각해봐.

happen.
벌어지다.

look , i have always hated the smoking ban.
봐 , 나는 항상 흡연을 싫어해.

look , a brand-new coat and it's already torn and stained.
이거 좀 봐요 , 새로 산 코트인데 벌써 찢어지고 얼룩이 묻었어요.

look at this cute hand. it's so adorable !.
이 앙증맞은 손 좀 봐. 너무 귀여워 !.

look at him taking care of his business. he's sharp as razor.
그 사람 일 처리 하는 것 좀 봐. 칼같다니까.

look at baba.
baba를 보세요.

look what your pen did to my sweatshirt !.
네 펜 때문에 내 스웨터가 어떻게 됐는지 좀 봐 !.

look ! someone is moving in next door !.
보세요 ! 누군가 옆집으로 이사 오고 있어요 !.

look ! someone is jumping the queue.
저 것 봐 ! 누군가 새치기를 하고 있어.

look for dried or fresh , delicate or medium strands such as angel hair , spaghetti , linguine , tagliatelli , or fettuccine.
엔젤 헤어 , 스파게티 , 링귀네 , 탈리아텔리 , 페투치니 같은 건조된 혹은 신선한 , 가는 혹은 중간의 끈 파스타를 찾으세요.

look around you , there are probably 6 examples of this in your immediate vicinity.
당신 주변을 둘러 보십시오. 당신의 아주 가까이에서도 아마 이것의 6가지 정도의 예들이 있을 것입니다.

about a dozen wind companies have operated here since the 1980s.
1980년대 이후로 약12개에 이르는 풍력 회사들이 이곳에서 운영됐습니다.

about what is philip sanders speaking today about the radio , the rain forests or abortion ?.
오늘 필립 샌더스가 라디오에서 무슨 얘기를 할거지 , 열대 우림 아니면 낙태 ?.

about 100 leaders from different branches of christianity gathered saturday in the hospital chapel to pray for his recovery.
약 100명 의 각 기독교 교파의 지도자들이 그가 회복하기를 기원하러 토요일에 병원예배당에서 모인다.

about 6 , 500 scientists from 80 countries - half the world's researchers specializing in particle physics - work at cern.
소립자 물리학에 전문적으로 연구하는 전 세계 연구원들의 반에 이르는 80개국 출신의 약 6 , 500명의 과학자들이 cern에서 일하고 있어요.

about 80% of infants and children suck their thumbs.
영아와 아동들의 약 80퍼센트 가량이 엄지손가락을 빤다.

about 450 prisoners were released from the u.s.-run abu ghraib prison west of baghdad and other detention centers across the country.
바그다드 서쪽에 있는 미군 운영의 아부 그라이브 수용소와 다른 수용소에 수감돼 있던 450명 가량의 수감자들이 석방됐습니다.

on a nice day , you can enjoy eating lunch at an outdoor cae.
어느 화창한 날 , 여러분은 노천카페에서 점심을 먹으며 즐겁게 보낼 수 있어요.

on a more mundane level , can we talk about the timetable for next week ?.
좀 더 일상적인 일로 넘어가서 , 다음 주 시간표에 대한 얘길 좀 해 볼까요 ?.

on a saturday afternoon last fall , george w. bush was in a hang-dog mood.
지난 가을 토요일 오후 어느 날 , 조지 w. 부시미국 대통령 후보자는 참담한 기분이었다.

on the other hand , if you have been blessed and have gone further than your fellows , do not brag ; rather , assist those who stagger.
반면 당신이 축복을 받아서 친구들보다 더 앞서 나간다면 자랑하지 말아라.오히려 비틀거리는 사람들을 도와라.

on the other hand , pop stars can influence their fans positively.
다른 한편 , 대중 스타들은 자신들의 팬들에게 긍정적으로 영향을 미칠 수 있습니다.

on the performance of acquisition using antenna array in the ds-ss system.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

on the first day , still jetlagged after a 15-hour flight , we set out from luang prabang over the annamite mountains.
이 단체에 따르면 , 과학자들은 뱀 , 다섯 종의 난 , 두 종의 나비 , 그리고 세 종의 다른 식물들은 과학계에 처음 발견됐고 투아틴 후에성 지방의 green corridor로 알려진 annamites 산맥에 있는 열대 우림에만 존재해요.

on the architectural symbolism of the world exhibitions.
박람회와 건축적 상징성에 대하여.

on the face of it , that seemed marvellous.
표면적으로는 그것은 경탄할 만한 것으로 보인다.

on the road ahead , we know that you will encounter some challenging opportunities.
살다 보면 , 우리는 도전해 볼만한 약간의 기회를 만나게 된다는 것을 알고 있다.

on the january issue of a medical magazine the lancet , the two physicians commented that the above pills will likely lower weight , but there is a probability of them causing a variety of severe cardiovascular diseases.
의학 잡지 the lancet의 1월호에서 두 명의 내과의사가 상기의 알약들이 체중을 감량 할지는 모르지만 다양한 심각한 심장혈관 질환 또한 일 으킬 가능성이 있다고 언급했다.

on the ocean side of this 160 mile-long reef is a popular tourist destination known as the blue hole.
160마일에 이르는 이 암초의 바다를 면한 쪽에는 관광객들이 즐겨 찾는 블루홀이라고 알려진 곳이 있다.

on the settlement of municipal waste landfills.
도시폐기물 매립지반의 침하특성에 관한 연구(연구).

on the contrary , i am trying to assuage.
반대로 나는 달래기 위해 노력하고 있다.

on the contrary , its machinations are everywhere abominated.
그와 반대로 그러한 책략들은 어디서든지 혐오시 된다.

on the inside of your nose is mucus.
코 안에는 콧물이라는 점액이 있다.

on the occasion of publishing refrigeration special issue.
냉동분야 소특집호를 내면서.

on the meal table , young children need regular banter with their brothers and sisters in their parents' presence as it teaches children self- assertion.
식사 자리에서 어린 아이들은 자기 확신을 가지기 위해서 부모들이 보는 앞에서 형제 자매들과 가벼운 대화를 나누는 것이 필요하다.

on the continent , the cac 40 in paris added 0.25% and frankfurt's x-dax ended just slightly to the upside.
유럽 대륙에서는 파리의 cac 40 지수가 0.25% 상승했고 , 프랑크푸르트의 x-dax 또한 조금 오르면서 장을 마감했습니다.

on the bleachers , i noticed sitting were adults.
관람석에는 어른들만 앉아있었다는걸 알게되었다.

on any given day , you will find thousands of patrons sitting inside coffee shops gabbing with their friends over an iced americano or hot caramel macchiato.
어떤 정해진 날 , 당신은 수 천명의 고객들이 커피숍에서 아이스 아메리카노나 핫 카라멜 마끼아또를 마시며 친구들과 수다를 떠는 모습을 볼 것이다.

on an average , a female has a longer lifespan than a male.
일반적으로 여성이 남성에 비해 수명이 길다.

on sunday the family went on an outing to the beach.
일요일에 그 가족은 해변으로 소풍을 갔다.

on thursday , a japanese court refused a suit demanding that the self defense forces be removed from iraq.
한편 일본의 한 법원은 지난 8일 , 이라크에서 자위대를 철수시킬 것을 촉구하는 소송을 기각 판결했습니다.

on thursday , prosecutors heard testimony from five bank officers.
목요일에 , 검사들은 5명의 은행 간부들로부터 증언을 들었습니다.

on tuesday , a documentary will in ireland report on comiskey's handling of the fortune case.
화요일 아일랜드에서 코미스키 주교가 포츈 사건을 다룬 경로에 대한 다큐멘터리가 방영될 예정입니다.

on his way to elizabethtown (his father's hometown) , bloom meets kirsten dunst , a cheerful stewardess who can not stop talking.
블룸은 아버지의 고향인 엘리자베스타운으로 가는 도중에 계속 재잘거리는 활기찬 승무원 , 커스틴 더스트를 만난다.

on march 26 , an environmental group called frogwatch found the monster toad with the body the size of a football !.
3월 26일 프로그와치라는 한 환경단체가 축구공만한 몸 크기를 가진 괴물 두꺼비를 발견했답니다 !.

on vacation , we sunbathe on the beach.
우리는 휴가때 해변에서 일광욕을 즐긴다.

on april 29 , the national bioethics committee (nbc) allowed researchers from cha medical center in seoul to conduct studies on cloned human stem cells , removing the country's three-year ban on stem cell research.
4월 19일 , 국가생명윤리심의위원회는 3년간 금지했던 줄기세포 연구 재개를 허용하면서 , 서울 차병원 연구원들의 복제 인간 줄기세포에 대한 연구 승인을 내렸다.

on october 6 , 1943 , anne and her older sister margot were taken to the bergen belson concentration camp.
1943년 10월 6일 , 안네와 그녀의 언니 마고는 bergen belson 수용소로 끌려갔다.

on september 5 , 1997 , people all over the world mourned over her death.
1997년 9월 5일 , 전 세계 사람들은 그녀의 죽음을 애도했다.

on average i receive 3 spam mails everyday.
평균적으로 하루에 3개의 스팸메일을 받는다.

on average , cashiers get 7 dollars per hour.
보통 계산원의 수당은 시간당 7달러예요.

on november 10 , the teen times ceo lee jung-sig paid a visit to the educational new town , well-known for its priming water education system , to meet up with the city's education office superintendent min woong-gi.
11월 10일 틴타임스의 이정식 사장은 민웅기 교육감과 만나기 위해 마중물 교육 시스템으로 잘 알려진 이 교육적인 도시를 방문했습니다.

on monday , brent crude shot up 93 cents.
월요일 브렌트유 가격은 무려 93센트나 상승했습니다.

on june 20 , the robotic arm was digging in a different trench called snow white 2 when it once again hit a hard surface beneath the martian dust.
6월 20일 , 로봇 팔은 스노우 화이트 2라고 불리는 다른 참호를 팠고 다시 한 번 화성의 먼지 아래 딱딱한 표면을 쳤습니다.

on june 7 , korea's players met united arab emirates for the group b qualifier.
6월 7일 , 한국 선수들은 b조 예선전에 아랍에미리트연합국과 만났다.

on today's tour we will see many rare animals.
오늘 여행에서는 많은 희귀 동물을 보시게 됩니다.

on december 17 , the american 7th armored divisions engaged dietrich's sixth panzer army at saint vith.
12월 17일에 미 제7기갑사단은 디트리히의 제6기갑군과 생비스에서 교전했습니다.

on wednesday , a luncheon was held in honor of the mayor.
수요일에 시장을 위한 오찬회가 열렸다.

on wednesday , gunmen abducted a top member of saddam's legal team (khamis al-obaidi) and killed him.
앞서 21일 무장한 괴한들이 사담 변호인단의 카미스 알 오바이디 변호사를 납치해 살해했습니다.

on simplified cross-method application for gable-frame structures.
산형가구의 응력해석에 관한 연구.

on saturdays , the canteen is closed.
매주 토요일엔 구내 매점이 문을 닫습니다.

on republication of tadashi sekino's art and architecture of chosen.
조선의 건축과 예술.

on starry nights , they go out to see the stars.
별이 총총한 밤에 , 그들은 별들을 보러 나간다.

giving individuals greater autonomy in their own lives.
개인에게 자기 삶에 대한 더 큰 자율성을 부여하는.

we do not have any ground beef and tomato sauce.
우리는 갈은 쇠고기와 토마토 소스가 없다.

we do not have any canaries , but we have these.
카나리아는 없고요 , 이게 있어요.

we do not want to be complacent.
우리는 혈실에 안주하길 원하지 않는다.

we do not want to be hypocrites.
우리는 위선자가 되고 싶지 않아요.

we do not know whether the egyptians were capable of long distance navigation in their boats.
이집트인들이 배를 타고 먼 항해를 했는지 여부를 알 수 없다.

we do not need to re-invent the wheel , build another carbon calculator.
우리는 다른 탄소 계산기를 만들고 , 바퀴를 재 발명할 필요가 없다.

we do not give the tigers anything to eat on saturdays except water , a zookeeper said.
" 저희는 매주 토요일마다 호랑이들에게 물을 제외하고는 먹을 것을 아무것도 주지 않습니다 ," 라고 한 사육사가 말했어요.

we do not suck blood , or have sex in coffins , but i adore love bites.
우린 피를 빨지 않아 , 혹은 관속에서 사랑을 나누지도 않지. 하지만 깨무는건 좋더라고.

we do not expect to see the project through on time because we do not have the manpower.
우리는 충분한 인력이 없기 때문에 그 계획이 성공적으로 끝마쳐지리라고 기대하지 않습니다.

we do not normally unload through the front of the store , but we need to keep the loading dock clear for the other truck.
보통 가게 앞쪽으로 짐을 내리지는 않는데 , 다음 트럭이 댈 만한 곳을 비워둬야 해서요.

we do not assume that it will be at that level.
그 정도가 될것이라고 우리들은 생각하지 않는다.

we do this openly , but not offensively , thus letting potential troublemakers know that they will not be tolerated.
이런 일을 공개적이지만 무례하지 않게 하여 문제를 일으킬 소지가 있는 사람에게 한치의 관용도 없을 것임을 알립니다.

we usually spend a little time sitting around together at night listening to the news from nairobi.
밤에는 잠시 모여 앉아서 나이로비 방송 뉴스를 들으면서 보낼 겁니다.

we at wkrp radio are proud to sponsor the holiday hamper appeal.
wkrp 라디오는 명절 선물용 바구니 보내기 운동을 후원하게 되어 기쁩니다.

we are now on the autobahn. let's floor it !.
이제 우리는 아우토반을 달리고 있다. 가속 페달을 밟아 보자 !.

we are in the minority. or we are a minority group.
우리는 소수파다.

we are in reliance on your efforts very much.
우리는 당신의 노력에 기대는 바가 크다.

we are not considering open disagreement between the coptic pope and the muslim community.
우리는 콥틱교황과 무슬림 공동체 간의 의견차이 해결을 고려하지 않고 있다.

we are not saying you can not build a wormhole.
우리는 너가 웜홀을 만들수 없다고 말하지 않았다.

we are not certain she left portugal.
우리는 그녀가 포르투갈을 떠날지 확신할수 없었다.

we are not complacent about this issue.
우리는 이문제에 대하여 만족하지 않는다.

we are not relying on woman's intuition , or a ouija board , either.
우리는 여자의 직감이나 미신 그 어느 것에도 의존하지 않는다.

we are not hidebound in one model.
우리는 단일 모델만 고집하지 않는다.

we are at the corner of 9th street and logan avenue , so come by for a five-dollar quick-time wash.
저희는 9번가와 로건 대로의 코너에 위치하고 있으니 5달러짜리 빠른 세차를 하러 들르십시오.

we are very respectful of that.
우리는 그것에 아주 경의를 표한다.

we are always cracking up when we are together.
우리가 함께 할때 항상 박장대소한다.

we are all in a state of perpetual motion in this office.
이 사무실에서는 우리 모두가 영구 운동 상태이다.

we are all in the same boat.
우리는 모두 같은 처지에 있다.

we are all just trying earn a crust.
우리 모두는 먹고 살기 위해 애쓴다.

we are all committed to social mobility.
우리는 모두 사회적 유동성에 헌신적이다.

we are all familiar with the not in my backyard culture.
우리는 지역이기주의 문화에 너무 친근하다.

we are all gifted with conscience.
우리에게는 모두 타고난 양심이 있다.

we are going to a seafood restaurant on the beach.
해변가에 있는 해물 전문 레스토랑에 갈 거야.

we are going to go live to the historic waverly plantation in mississippi.
오늘은 생방송으로 그 유명한 미시시피 주의 " 웨이버리 농원 " 으로 가 보시겠습니다.

we are going to eat dad's today and use the pretty ones tomorrow when we visit your great-grandfather's tomb.
아버지가 만든 건 오늘 먹고 예쁘게 만들어진 걸 내일 증조부님 성묘 가서 쓰려고 한다.

we are going on a picnic at the seaside this weekend.
우리 이번 주말에 바닷가로 소풍갈거야.

we are enjoying our holiday.
우리는 휴가를 즐겁게 보내고 있습니다.

we are looking for someone hard-working , superenergetic , ambitious , imaginative , and organized to join our growing advt.
날로 성장하고 있는 저희 광고부에 합류할 근면하고 의욕적이며 포부가 크고 상상력이 풍부한 부지런한 인재를 찾고 있습니다.

we are looking for full-time customer service representatives (csrs) to work at our customer service center in toledo , ohio.
금번에 오하이오 털리도에 소재한 고객 서비스 센터에서 일할 정규직 고객 서비스 직원(csr)을 모집하고 있습니다.

we are talking about conscientious objection.
우리는 양심적 병역거부에 대하여 토론하고 있습니다.

we are living in a flood of information.
우리는 정보의 홍수 속에 살고 있다.

we are living really at the apex of the american century.
아울러 비행기에 갖고 타신 휴대폰 , 컴퓨터 등 휴대용 전자 장비를 꺼 주십시오.

we are angry because we are treated like dolts.
우리는 얼간이 취급을 받아서 화가 났어.

we are planning to spend our retirement cruising on luxury liners around the world.
우리는 은퇴 후 시간을 호화 정기선을 타고 세계를 유람하며 보내려고 계획 중이다.

we are based in malaysia , but we do a lot of business with china.
우리는 말레이시아에 본사가 있지만 중국과도 거래를 많이 하고 있다.

we are simply involved in an advisory capacity on the project.
우리는 그 프로젝트에 단지 자문 역할로 관여하고 있을 뿐이다.

we are considering a new smart roadster as a second car.
우리는 새로운 스마트 오픈카를 두번 째 차로 살 생각을 하고 있어요.

we are surrounded with green trees.
우리는 푸른 나무로 둘러쌓였다.

we are still seeing mostly green trees everywhere south of albany.
알바니 남부 전역은 아직도 푸른 잎이 무성합니다.

we are developing methods to produce high quality bio-degradable plastics from common agricultural crops , including corn and soybeans.
우리는 옥수수 , 콩 등 흔한 농작물로부터 양질의 생물 분해성 플라스틱을 생산하는 방법을 개발중이다.

we are developing methods to produce high quality bio-degradable plastics from common agricultural crops , including bran and soybeans.
우리는 밀기울 , 콩 등 흔한 농작물로부터 양질의 생물 분해성 플라스틱을 생산하는 방법을 개발중이다.

we are buying a new cooker on hire purchase.
우리는 새 쿠커를 할부로 구입하려 한다.

we are determined to pursue all three sets of interests in a balanced way.
우리는 세 가지 관심사를 균형 있게 추구할 확고한 의지를 갖고 있습니다.

we are pressing forward as quickly as possible.
우리는 가능한한 빨리 앞으로 나아가야 한다.

we are shocked by your shameless behavior.
우리는 수치를 모르는 네 행동에 경악한다.

we are chiefly concerned with improving educational standards.
저희는 주로 교육 수준 향상에 관심을 두고 있습니다.

we are currently working with food companies to establish rules to strengthen the safety of teenager eateries including fast food chains , and obliging them to specify trans fat levels on all their products , said park hye- kyung , a kfda official.
" 저희들은 현재 패스트푸드 점을 포함한 10대들이 먹는 식당의 안전을 강화하는 규칙을 만들고 그리고 식품회사들에게 그들의 모든 제품에 트랜스지방의 양을 명세하도록 강요하면서 식품회사들과 같이 일하고 있습니다. " 라고 식품안전청의 박혜경씨가 말합니다.

we are extremely disturbed and unsettled and we are calling for a protest against lies on television against vulgarity and unprofessionalism on television against political censorship on television , grigory yavlinsky , leader of the liberal yabloko party , told the crowd outside the ostankino broadcast complex in northern moscow.
" 우리는 정말 혼란스럽고 불안해요 , 그리고 우리는 텔레비전의 거짓과 야비함 , 비전문성 , 그리고 텔레비전에 대한 정치적인 검열에 저항할 것을 요구합니다 ," 라고 진보당인 야블로코당의 대표인 그리고리 야브린스키가 북 모스코바에 있는 오스탄키노 방송 단지밖에 모인 군중에게 말했어요.

we are dedicated to provide second to none services to our customers.
우리는 고객들에게 최고의 서비스를 제공하기 위해 노력하고 있습니다.

we are hopeful of a positive outcome.
우리는 긍적적 결과를 고대하고 있다.

we are concerned that sickness absence is being treated as malingering and that the procedures are unfair to staff who are off with genuine sickness.
우리는 병으로 인한 결근이 꾀병으로 처리되고 있는 이런 절차가 실제로 아파서 결근하는 사람들에게는 불공평한 것이라는 점을 걱정하고 있다.

we are supposed to walk down the stairs and regroup in the parking lot across the street.
경보가 울리면 계단으로 내려가서 길건너 주차장에 모여야 돼요.

we are grateful to you for sparing the time today.
우리는 당신이 오늘 시간을 내주신 것에 대해 감사합니다.

we are replacing a tortuous and cumbersome system.
우리는 복잡하고 거추장스러운 시스템을 바꾸는 중이다.

we are confident that it will be won.
우리가 이길것이라고 확신한다.

we are facing a very strong competitor.
우리는 매우 강력한 경쟁 상대와 맞서고 있다.

we are facing what may be the most adverse economic environment in the history of the information technology industry.
우리는 정보 기술산업의 역사에서 가장 어려운 경제 상황에 처해 있다.

we are appreciative of your coming.
우리는 당신의 방문에 감사드립니다.

we are opprobrious to ourselves , not in word , but in deed.
우리는 말이 아니라 실제로 스스로에게 부끄러워해야 한다.

we are embarking on a path to build a prototype.
우리는 곧 시제품을 만드는 과정에 착수할 예정입니다.

we get fooled because cameramen shoot up , and then the actors look taller.
카메라맨들이 배우들을 잡을 때 아래서 위로 찍기 때문에 더 커 보이는 거죠.

we will not have , in their curriculum , witchcraft , and sorcery.
우리는 그들의 교육 과정에 사악한 마술이나 마법을 배우지 않는다.

we will excuse you from the test.
너의 시험을 면제해 주겠다.

we will have to reschedule our meeting for later.
우리의 회의를 더 늦게 다시 조정해야만 할 것 같습니다.

we will have more on this aids story later in the program.
에이즈 관련 소식은 잠시 후 더 자세히 보도해 드리겠습니다.

we will need facilities that can accommodate 60 people for the one-day event.
우리는 하루 동안 열리는 그 행사에 60명을 수용할 수 있는 시설이 필요하다.

we will give you the first cancellation if you leave your name and phone number.
성함과 전화 번호를 주시면 예약이 취소되는 방이 생기는 대로 연락드리겠습니다.

we will take your tooth out under anesthetic.
우리는 당신의 이를 마취 상태에서 뽑을 것입니다.

we will lay our ship aboard so that your passengers can come over.
승객들이 승선할 수 있도록 우리의 배를 나란히 대겠습니다.

we will switch to lower plan than last year , which it says here $33 , 000~35 , 000.
작년보다 좀 더 낮은 가격대의 서비스플랜으로 바꿀 겁니다. 여기에 3만 3천 달러에서 3만 5천 달러 사이라고 나와 있네요.

we will play hard for the hour and outrun them.
경기 시간 동안 열심히 뛰어서 , 그들을 꺾는 거다.

we will train it to venice.
우리는 베니스에 열차로 갈 것이다.

we will defend our allies and our interests.
우리는 우리 우방과 우리의 이익을 지킬 것입니다.

we live in a world of tolerance and fortitude.
우리는 인내와 용기의 세상에 살고있다.

we live in a heartless world.
우리는 삭막한 세상에 살고 있어.

we live in a multicultural society.
우리는 다문화 사회에서 산다.

we have a very constrained timetable for debate today.
오늘 우리의 토론은 시간제한이 엄격합니다.

we have a plan for an environmental centre and a solarium.
우리는 환경센터와 일광욕실 계획을 가지고 있다.

we have a standard for diesel , but not for biodiesel.
우리는 디젤에 대한 표준은 있지만 , 바이오디젤에 대한 표준은 없다.

we have a timetable of the sort of activities that we are going to do.
우리는 앞으로 하고자 하는 활동을 종류별로 정리한 계획표가 있다.

we have to work really hard in limiting our caloric intake and maintaining a healthy exercise regime , ness said.
" 우리는 우리의 섭취 칼로리를 제한하고 건강한 운동 방식을 유지하도록 정말 열심히 운동해야 합니다. " 라고 네스는 말했다.

we have to get a wiggle on to take a train.
우리는 지하철을 타기 위해서 서둘러야 한다.

we have to look snappy as we are late.
우리는 늦었기 때문에 서둘러야 한다.

we have to buy everything anew.
우리는 모든 것을 새로 구입해야 한다.

we have to stop wasting time and get to the heart of the matter.
시간을 허비하는 것은 그만두고 , 문제의 핵심을 언급하지 않으면 안 된다.

we have to memorize forever , wait forever , and do our best forever.
우리는 평생 외우고 , 기다리고 , 최선을 다해야해요.

we have to submit the proposal by tomorrow at all costs.
무슨 일이 있어도 내일까지는 제안서를 제출해야 합니다.

we have to strive toward recovering the cultural homogeneity of north and south korea.
우리는 남북한 간의 문화적 동질성 회복을 위해 노력해야 한다.

we have to vacate this office by next week.
우리는 다음 주까지 사무실을 비워야 합니다.

we have all heard stories about the lost city of atlantis sunken into the ocean thousands of years ago.
우리 모두는 수 천년 전에 바닷속에 가라앉은 아틀란티스에 대한 이야기를 들어왔다.

we have more than 100 employee parking spaces on site.
우리는 백 명 이상의 직원이 이용할 수 있는 주차 공간을 현장에 확보하고 있다 ,.

we have finished plowing the paddy field and are waiting for rain.
논을 갈아 놓고 비를 기다리고 있다.

we have many different kinds of office catering packages to choose from.
저희는 고객이 선택하실 수 있도록 다양한 종류의 출장 연회 패키지를 제공하고 있습니다.

we have been conducting a survey on the dietary habits of university graduates.
우리는 대학 졸업자들의 식습관에 대해 조사를 해왔다.

we have been advised by our warehouse that the polyethylene closed cell pipe insulation you ordered (cat# 3980-928-1110) is not currently in stock.
저희 창고 담당자에게 고객님께서 주문하셨던 (cat# 3980-928-1110) 셀 파이프 절연체를 감쌌던 폴리에틸렌은 현재 재고가 없다는 말을 들 었습니다.

we have seen too much of them ; are too well acquainted with their violence.
우리는 그런 장면들을 너무도 많이 보아왔고 , 그런 폭력에 너무 익숙해져 있지요.

we have decided not to commission new artwork.
우리는 새 예술 작업을 의뢰하지 않기로 결정했다.

we have everything to help you enjoy the sun safely , from sunscreens and sunblocks to hats , parasols and awnings.
선스크린 , 선블록에서부터 모자 , 파라솔 , 차양에 이르기까지 안심하고 햇볕을 쬘 수있게 해주는 건 모두 구비되어 있습니다.

we have made our quota for the day !.
오늘 할당량은 다 했다 !.

we have already had inquiries from operators in canada and england.
이미 캐나다와 영국의 공동묘지 운영 회사들로부터 문의가 들어오고 있습니다.

we have already achieved market dominance in the freezer bag category in north america ; we have the lowest-cost production , and our competitors are years away from developing a product that works as well as ours.
우리는 이미 북미 지역에서 냉동용 팩으로 시장을 선점했습니다. 우리는 가장 저렴한 비용으로 생산하며 , 우리의 경쟁업체들은 우리 제품만한 기능을 하는.

we have already achieved market dominance in the freezer bag category in north america ; we have the lowest-cost production , and our competitors are years away from developing a product that works as well as ours.
제품을 생산하는 데 수 년은 뒤떨어져 있습니다.

we have already disbursed $80 million to the fund.
우리는 이미 80만 달러의 기금을 지출하였다.

we have fought for so long that we have forgotten what the ember of contention is.
우리들은 너무나 오래 싸웠기 때문에 , 도대체 싸움의 불씨가 무엇이었는지 잊어버리고 말았다.

we have rainy spells in summer.
여름철에는 장마가 있습니다.

we have completed our review of your proposal to supply fiber optic cable.
귀하가 보낸 광케이블 공급 제안서는 잘 검토해 보았습니다.

we have unrestricted access to all the facilities.
우리는 조금도 제한받지 않고 그 시설들을 이용할 수 있다.

we have gathered here today to congratulate chul-soo for he has finally become a college student.
오늘 이 자리는 드디어 대학생이 된 철수를 축하하기 위한 자리입니다.

we have favorable weather for our sailing trip now.
지금은 항해를 떠나기 좋은 날씨입니다.

we have cooler mornings and evenings now.
이제 아침저녁으로 서늘하다.

we lived for years in a perpetual state of fear.
우리는 오랫동안 끊임없이 계속되는 공포 속에서 살았다.

we all have our little weaknesses. or everybody has his achilles' heel.
아무에게나 약점은 있다.

we all had to do eight hours of duty at a stretch.
우리는 모두가 8시간 쉬지 않고 무리해서 일하지 않으면 안 되었다.

we all had to pledge allegiance to the flag.
우리는 모두 국기에 대한 (충성) 맹세를 해야 했다.

we eat corn in many forms , from popcorn to corn oil , and corn syrup.
우리는 옥수수를 팝콘에서 옥수수기름에 이르기까지 그리고 콘 시럽 등 여러가지 형태로 먹는다.

we seem to stagger from one crisis to the next.
우리는 하나의 위기에서 다음 위기로 휘청거리며 가고 있는 것 같다.

we see a range of creatures , from hedgehogs , to badgers and foxes , to many different types of birdlife.
우리는 고슴도치부터 오소리와 여우 , 다양한 종류의 새까지 다양한 생명체를 봅니다.

we can do that. may i have the billing address , please ?.
그렇게 해드릴게요. 청구서 발송 주소 좀 알려 주시겠어요 ?.

we can not make a decision based on hearsay and guesswork.
남의 말과 짐작에 의거해서 결정을 내릴 수는 없다.

we can not become language-proficient by studying a language for one year in high school.
1-2년 정도 공부해가지고는 외국어를 숙달할 수가 없습니다.

we can not really love anybody with whom we never laugh. (agnes repplier).
함께 있을 때 웃음이 나오지 않는 사람과는 결코 진정한 사랑에 빠질 수 없다. (아그네스 리플라이어 , 희망명언).

we can not allow ourselves to grow complacent.
우리는 자만에 빠져서는 안 됩니다.

we can always change the motor without any difficulty.
언제든지 손쉽게 모터를 교체할 수 있습니다.

we can see that all successful people have a tenacious and hardworking personality in common.
성공한 사람들에게서는 끈기와 노력이라는 공통분모를 찾을 수 있다.

we can see many windmills in holland.
네덜란드에서는 풍차를 많이 볼 수 있다.

we can lower our heating and cooling costs by installing a humidity control system.
습도 조절계를 설치하면 냉난방비를 줄일 수 있어요.

we can discuss this another time , uh ?.
우리 이거 다음에 언제 얘기하자 , 응 ?.

we can expand education , improve health care , and generate jobs with adequate salaries.
우리는 교육을 확대하고 , 보건진료를 개선하며 , 적절한 보수의 일자리를 만들어낼 수 있도록 협력할 수 있습니다.

we can deduce a lot from what people choose to buy.
사람들이 무엇을 선택해서 사는지를 보고 많은 것을 추론할 수 있다.

we finished the paper and had supper.
논문을 다 쓰고 저녁을 먹었습니다.

we finished atop our division after much laborious effort.
많은 고생 끝에 우리는 부서에서 정상을 차지했다.

we hope you find this two-day conference informative and thought provoking.
이 이틀간의 회의가 여러분에게 유익하고 생각해보는 계기가 되기를 바랍니다.

we hope to visit the cathedral , if time permits.
시간이 허락하면 우리는 그 성당을 방문하고 싶다.

we hope that you will accept our offer and continue to support ecologically harmonious farming practices.
생태친화적 농업을 위한 귀하의 노력이 지속되기를 바라며 저희의 초대에 응해주시기를 바라는 바입니다.

we hope that you will reconsider this decision.
귀하의 결정을 재고하시도록 권합니다.

we hope that other members will do likewise.
우리는 다른 회원들도 그와 같이 하기를 바란다.

we turn now to asia and the country of cambodia.
이제 아시아 , 캄보디아로 가 보겠습니다.

we lost the championship with this game.
이번 시합으로 우리는 선수권을 빼앗겼어요.

we should do all we can to help our less fortunate brethren.
우리는 우리보다 불행한 사람들을 돕기 위해 할 수 있는 모든 일을 해야 한다.

we should not be producing compliant students who do not dare to criticize.
우리는 더 이상 학생들을 비판하는데 두려워하도록 만들면 안된다.

we should not overload power sockets.
우리는 전기 소켓에 과부하가 되지 않도록 해야 한다.

we should point out , however , that seinfeld clothiers broke a delivery contract which accounted for the delayed payment.
그렇지만 저희는 지불 지연에 대한 원인이 자인펠트 의류 회사의 인도 계약 불이행이었다는 점을 지적하고자 합니다.

we should consider that the problem of delinquency is related to the home environment.
청소년 비행 문제는 가정 환경과 관련이 있다고 생각해야 한다.

we could not help but be disappointed at his brazen and shameless behavior.
우리는 그의 후안무치한 행동에 실망을 금할 수 없었다.

we could not tell whether he was friend or foe.
그는 적인지 우리편인지 알 수 없었다.

we could end up paying a very small premium.
우리는 결국 아주 적은 보험료를 지불할 수 있었다.

we could assist them in coming to terms with and making their decisions.
우리는 그들이 결정을 내리고 받아들일수 있도록 그들을 도울 수 있습니다.

we might look upon the glory of our rust belt states , where there are hundreds of vast steel mills that are at least 40 years out of date and also spew smoke that causes acid rain.
우리는 불황 공업지대 내 각 주들이 누렸던 영광을 볼 수 있는데 그곳에는 최소한 40년 된 구식 설비와 산성비를 오게 하는.

we know now what real cataclysm looks like.
우리는 진짜 대변혁이 어떤 것인지를 이제 알게되었다.

we know how important the conservation of wildlife is.
우리는 야생 생물 보존의 중요성을 알고 있다.

we need to get drapes that are going to match with the room color.
방 색깔이랑 어울리는 커튼이 필요하다.

we need to find a person who can consolidate the country.
우리는 나라를 통합 할 수 있는 사람을 찾아야해.

we need to find sponsorships for the expedition.
우리는 그 탐험을 협찬해 줄 곳을 찾아야 한다.

we need to take a speedy action.
우리는 신속한 행동을 취할 필요가 있다.

we need to receive the conference information packet from the cultural center.
문화센터에서 회의 자료묶음을 받아야 합니다.

we need to put together a team to find out who is responsible for the counteroffer and figure out if there are ways that we can get them back.
우리는 팀을 구성하여 누가 상대편 제안과 관련하여 책임을 맡고 있는지 밝혀내고 그들의 마음을 되돌릴 수 있는 방법을 알아내야 합니다.

we need to reinvigorate the economy of the area.
우리가 그 지역의 경제에 새로운 활기를 불어넣을 필요가 있다.

we need much tougher action on deportation.
우리는 추방에관한 더욱 심한 조치가 필요하다.

we had a pretty strong earthquake last night.
어젯밤에 강력한 지진이 있었다.

we had a fruitful and constructive debate.
우린 생산적이고 건설적인 토론을 가졌다.

we had a copious rainfall this summer.
금년 여름에는 비가 많았다.

we had a two-hour layover in chicago between flights.
우리는 시카고에 두시간 동안 내렸다가 다시 비행기를 탔다.

we had to fire him for dishonesty.
우리는 그가 정직하지 못해서 해고해야 했다.

we had to cut our staff , abandon our overseas plans and retrench.
우리는 직원들을 해고하고 , 해외계약도 포기하고 예산삭감을 해야만 했다.

we had to attend a briefing once a month.
우리는 한 달에 한 번 브리핑에 참석해야 했다.

we had to suffer many sacrifices in order to change the dictatorial government into a democratic one.
독재국가에서 민주국가로 이행하기 위해 우리는 많은 희생을 치러야 했다.

we had nice weather right up through november.
11월까지 날씨가 내내 좋았다.

we had an argument , but eventually reached an amicable agreement.
우리는 논쟁을 벌였으나 결국은 타협안을 찾았다.

we had an unbelievable time in paris.
우리는 파리에서 믿기 어려울 정도로 멋진 시간을 보냈다.

we had thirty millimeters of rain yesterday.
어제의 우량은 30밀리였다.

we met severe turbulence during our flight.
우리는 비행 중에 심한 난기류를 만났다.

we decided to go on the spur of the moment.
우리들은 갑자기 가기로 결정하였다.

we decided to put the plan on the back burner.
우리는 계획을 보류하기로 했다.

we decided to put the event in respite.
우리는 그 행사를 연기하기로 했다.

we decided to meet on neutral ground.
우리는 중립 지대에서 만나기로 결정했다.

we decided on an administration policy by a show of hands.
우리는 행정부의 정책에 대해 거수로 가결하였다.

we heard that letters are not coming into baghdad any more.
더 이상 바그다드로 편지가 들어오지 않고 있다는 소식을 들었다.

we used to think of an adipose cell as an inert storage depot , said barbara kahn , chief of the endocrinology , diabetes and metabolism division at harvard.
" 우리는 지방 세포를 가비활성의 저장고라고 생각하곤 했습니다 ," 하버드 당뇨병과 신진대사 학부 , 내분비학장인 바바라 칸이 말했습니다.

we used these little symbols for brevity instead of writing in words.
우리는 간결하게 하기 위해 글자로 적는 대신에 이런 작은 기호들을 사용했다.

we here at aqua.com send all the e-mails.
여기 아쿠아 닷 컴에서 모든 이 메일을 보내드리고 있습니다.

we plan to develop an entire line of blooming greeting cards that are easy to plant indoors or out.
저희는 모든 꽃피는 카드 제품을 실내 외에 간편하게 심을 수 있도록 개발할 계획입니다.

we call a man like him a miser.
저런 사람을 가리켜 구두쇠라고 한다.

we call him the little corporal.
우리는 그를 꼬마 하사라고 부른다.

we call him the son of man.
우리는 그를 구세주라 부른다.

we did not know that the singer's performance last night was her swan song.
우리는 그 가수의 어젯밤 공연이 그녀의 마지막 무대가 될 줄은 몰랐다.

we saw a lioness hiding her newborn cubs in a reed bed.
우리는 암사자가 그녀의 갓태어난 새끼들을 갈대침대속에 숨기는 것을 보았다.

we two have many things in common.
우리 둘은 공통점이 많다.

we two were out of sync in opinion.
우리 둘은 의견이 안 맞았다.

we agree on how to handle the matter.
우리는 그 문제를 해결할 방법에 대해 동의했다.

we ask for a 25% deposit to secure the goods.
우리는 계약금으로 물건 가격의 25% 선불을 요구합니다.

we use the metric system in korea.
한국은 미터법을 사용한다.

we use our expertise to help humanity.
우리는 인류를 돕기 위해 우리의 전문지식을 사용한다.

we try to be sure to stress that it's not that genes predetermine everything and fix the wiring in the brain.
우리는 유전자가 미리 모든 것을 결정하고 두뇌의 신경조직망을 계획대로 짜넣는 게 아니라는 것을 분명히 강조하고자 합니다.

we found no proof that the low pressure , low oxygen were promoting the body's blood clotting mechanism. ".
그러나 낮은 기압과 산소량이 신체의 혈액 응고 메카니즘을 촉진한다는 어떠한 증거도 발견하지 못했다고 덧붙입니다.

we ate most of the food and gave the leftover to the dog.
우리는 그 음식을 거의 다 먹어 치우고 남은 것을 개에게 주었다.

we came home by a roundabout route.
우리는 우회하여 집으로 돌아왔다.

we were at the bottom of the roller coaster.
우리는 롤러코스터의 아래쪽에 있다.

we were on pins and needles until we heard that your plane landed safely.
우리는 당신이 탄 비행기가 안전하게 착륙했다는 말을 들을 때까지 겁이 나서 초조해 하고 있었다.

we were moving backwards because you backed oars.
네가 거꾸로 저었기 때문에 우리가 뒤로 가고 있었다.

we were absolutely slaughtered by the home team.
우리는 홈팀에게 완전히 깨졌다.

we were warm and safe , cocooned in our sleeping bags.
우리는 따스하고 안전하게 슬리핑 백 안에 들어가 있었다.

we were brought up to be respectful of authority.
우리는 권위를 존중하도록 양육을 받고 자랐다.

we were walking back to my house in the early hours past trealaw cemetery.
이른 시간에 우리는 trealaw 묘지를 지나 걸어서 집에 돌아가고 있었다.

we were almost stifled by the heat.
더워서 숨이 막힐 지경이었다.

we were able to decrease budget by using scratch paper.
우리는 이면지의 활용으로 예산 절감 효과를 보았다.

we were served the most abominable coffee.
우리는 끔찍이도 맛없는 커피를 대접받았다.

we were disappointed because he have a rather mediocre performance in this role.
우리는 그가 이 배역을 다소 평범하게 해냈기 때문에 실망했다.

we were unable to corroborate that claim.
우리는 그 주장을 입증할 수 없었습니다.

we were allied with this company.
우리는 이 회사와 동맹했다.

we were given tea , and some dainty little cakes.
우리는 차와 맛 좋은 작은 케이크들을 받았다.

we were detained by an accident.
사고 때문에 늦어졌다.

we were annoyed by his noncommittal reply , for we had been led to expect definite assurances of his approval.
우리는 그가 찬성할 것이라고 확신했기 때문에 그가 애매하게 대답하자 화가 났다.

we were obliged to obey him.
그에게 복종하지 않을 수 없었다.

we were overwhelmingly and comprehensively drubbed in the vote.
우리는 그 투표에서 압도적이고 광범위하게 패배했다.

we were pissed as a newt at the party.
파티에서 우리는 정신 잃을 정도로 취했다.

we were stifled by the heat. or it was so hot that we could not breathe.
더워서 숨이 막힐 지경이었다.

we made mutual concessions with the result that the matter was settled at once.
서로 양보한 끝에 사건은 바로 가라앉았다.

we thought we had rats in the attic , so we put out bowls of rat poison.
우리가 보기에 다락에 쥐가 있는 것 같아서 쥐약을 담은 그릇들을 갖다 놓았다.

we also do a lot of research with our cardholders.
카드 소지자들은 구매가 이루어지기 전에 말씀하셔야만 합니다.

we also know that tanner is not a womanizer.
우린 또한 테너가 바람둥이가 아니라는것을 안다.

we also require medical supplies , mostly for orthopedic treatments because there are many wounded and people crushed in the rubble.
자갈 더미 속에서 많은 사람들이 다치고 중상을 입었기 때문에 정형외과 치료에 필요한 의료품들도 필요하다고 밝혔습니다.

we build customer loyalty by serving existing customers with utmost care.
우리는 기존 고객을 극진히 모심으로써 고객의 신뢰를 쌓고 있다.

we only show affection to dogs and horses.
우리는 개들와 말들에게만 애정을 표한다.

we only managed to salvage two paintings from the fire.
우리는 그 화재에서 겨우 그림 두 점을 구할 수 있었다.

we covered the hole with a sheet of cardboard.
우리는 한 장의 판지로 그 구멍을 덮었다.

we offer bachelor's degrees , postgraduate degrees , and certificate programs in business communication.
비즈니스 커뮤니케이션분야의 학사와 석사 학위 , 그리고 수료증을 따실 수 있습니다.

we must , however , understand the prohibitive expense that that would involve.
그러나 우리는 반드시 그 일이 연관되어 있는 엄청나게 비싼 비용을 인지해야만 한다.

we must not have an artificial debate.
우리 가식적인 논쟁은 하지 맙시다.

we must be able to tap into that trend.
우리는 추세를 활용할 수 있어야 한다.

we must gain for ourselves line item veto in our budget proposals.
우리는 우리의 예산 제안에 대해 개별조항거부권을 반드시 얻어야 한다.

we must fight for our rights , comrades !.
우리의 권리를 위해 싸웁시다 , 동지들 !.

we must confront the danger with open eyes and unbending purpose.
그는 나의 제안을 완강히 반대했다.

we must operate within the confines of the law.
법의 한도 내에서 운용해야 한다.

we must pursue our aims with vigor.
우리는 정력적으로 목표를 추구해야 한다.

we must uphold the right of free speech.
우리는 자유 연설에 대한 권리를 지지해야 한다.

we must concede that this is true.
우리는 이것이 사실임을 인정해야 한다.

we must presume innocence until we have proof of guilt.
유죄라는 증거를 얻게 될 때까지는 무죄로 간주해야 한다.

we must perforce be careful about what we say.
우리는 반드시 말을 조심해야 한다.

we held this festival to show kids that science is fun and interesting. , said rho kyoung-rae , who is the principal of the school.
이 학교의 노경래 교장은 " 저희가 이 행사를 마련한 것은 어린이들에게 과학이 재미있는 것이라는 것을 보여 주기 위한 것이다. " 라고 밝혔다.

we put the whole computer into the belt buckle.
우리는 벨트 버클 안에 모든 컴퓨터 구성 장치를 내장시켰습니다.

we put our house to lease.
우리는 집을 임대했다.

we put our cards on the table and behaved frankly.
우리는 우리 계획을 드러내고 솔직하게 행동했다.

we went to a movie and then we went bowling.
영화 보러 갔다가 , 그 다음에 볼링 치러 갔었어요.

we went to a superlative restaurant.
우리는 최고급의 식당에 갔다.

we went to the subway station in deadly haste.
우리는 지하철 역으로 황급히 갔다.

we went to paris by way of copenhagen.
우리는 코펜하겐을 통해 파리로 갔다.

we looked at illegal drug use of course , and petty crimes such as shoplifting and vandalism.
불법 마약복용은 물론이고 가게에서 물건을 훔친다거나 기물파손 같은 사소한 범죄 행위를 말합니다.

we felt a great tug at parting.
작별하기가 마음 아팠다.

we felt meditative , and fit for nothing but placid staring.
우리는 깊은 생각에 잠긴 것처럼 느꼈고 , 차분히 노려보는 것 외에 아무것도 하지 않았다.

we just do not want a thug.
우리는 폭력배만 없으면 된다.

we just do housework , cleaning , baking bread and sweeping the floors , she says.
우리가 하는 건 집안일뿐이에요 , 청소하고 빵 굽고 바닥을 쓰는 거죠라고 그녀는 말합니다.

we just had a vacation , and it was very relaxing.
바로 얼마전에 휴가였는데 정말 편안했어요.

we just barely managed to outplay the other team and win.
우리는 상대 팀의 추격을 간신히 따돌리고 우승을 차지했다.

we believe this market will continue to enjoy double-digit growth annually in the next five years.
우리는 향후 5년 동안 이 여행 시장이 두 자릿수 성장을 계속할 것이라고 믿고 있습니다.

we kind of developed our own sign language , between each other.
둘 사이에만 통하는 저희들만의 수화가 생겨난 셈이죠.

we left at daybreak.
우리는 새벽에 떠났다.

we left them on the midway and returned to pick them up three hours later.
우리는 그들을 놀이터에 데려다 주고 세 시간 후에 데리러 갔다.

we managed to rig up a shelter for the night.
우리는 간신히 하룻밤 묵을 자리를 급히 만들었다.

we enjoyed the play , but the fly in the ointment was not being able to find our car afterward.
우리는 그 연극을 즐겼는데 , 유일한 옥의 티는 , 끝나고 나서 우리의 차가 보이지 않은 것이었다.

we enjoyed fifteen years of steady , sustained growth.
우리는 15년간 꾸준하고 지속적인 성장을 누렸습니다.

we arranged the chairs in a semicircle.
우리는 의자들을 반원형으로 배열했다.

we united around him as the pivotal figure.
우리는 그를 구심점으로 똘똘 뭉쳤다.

we agreed to put the matter to the question.
우리는 그 문제를 표결에 부치기로 했다.

we agreed that we should travel first-class.
일등으로 여행하기로 의견 일치를 보았다.

we succeed only as we identify in life , or in war , or in anything else , a single overriding objective , and make all other considerations bend to that one objective. (dwight d. eisenhower).
우리는 단지 우리가 인생이나 전쟁 혹은 다른 어떤 것에서든 하나의 최우선적인 목표를 설정하고 다른 모든 고려 사항을 이 하나의 목적에 종속시킬 때만 성공한다. (드와.

we succeed only as we identify in life , or in war , or in anything else , a single overriding objective , and make all other considerations bend to that one objective. (dwight d. eisenhower).
이트 데이비드 아이젠하워 , 성공명언).

we voted democrat in the last election.
우리는 지난번 선거 때 민주당에게 투표를 했다.

we wish you all the very , very best.
행운을 빕니다.

we followed the youngsters at a more sedate pace.
우리는 좀 더 차분한 걸음으로 그 청소년들을 뒤따랐다.

we followed the serpentine course of the river.
우리는 그 강의 뱀처럼 구불구불한 행로를 따라갔다.

we turned inside out suddenly , discovered big a pitfall.
큰 함정을 발견해서 우리는 갑자기 방향을 바꾸었다.

we wash off , apply pressure , and voila.
우리가 씻어내고 , 압력을 가하고 나면 , 자 보세요.

we bought a camper van so we could go away whenever the fancy took us.
우리는 캠핑카를 한 대 사서 언제든 기분 내키면 떠날 수가 있었다.

we signed a binding contract last year and it's still valid.
우린 작년에 확정 계약을 했고 그 계약은 아직 유효해요.

we respect too much each other.
서로를 높이 평가하니까요.

we started off studying all the centenarians in a region around boston and found that they had several things in common.
보스턴 주변의 한 지역에 사는 모든 100세 이상 장수 노인들을 대상으로 연구를 시작했는데 , 그들에게서 몇 가지 공통점을 발견하게 되었습니다.

we sometimes play ping-pong in lunchtime.
우리는 점심 시간에 때때로 탁구를 친다.

we intend to build up an antipollution movement among the people.
공해 반대 캠페인을 펼칠 예정이다.

we modify the poses based on the developmental stage of the baby in the class.
저희는 요가를 배우는 아기들의 성장단계 별로 요가 자세들을 변형해 가르칩니다.

we watched chris take to the ice his every stride and gesture recorded by special infrared cameras.
취재진은 크리스 선수가 얼음 위에서 다리 동작과 몸짓을 특수 적외선 카메라로 녹화하는 모습을 지켜보았습니다.

we continue to find a general absence of minorities and women at the highest level in the corporate work force , in the developmental programs and in the credential-building assignments.
우리는 계속해서 기업체 간부직이나 , 발전성이 있는 프로그램 , 또는 능력을 인정 받을 수 있는 업무 등에서는 일반적으로 소수 민족과 여성들이 배제되고 있다는 사실을 발견하게 되는데요.

we continue to spot a general absence of minorities and women at the highest level in the corporate work force , in the developmental programs and in the credential-building assignments.
우리는 계속해서 기업체 간부직이나 , 발전성이 있는 프로그램 , 또는 능력을 인정 받을 수 있는 업무 등에서는 일반적으로 소수 민족과 여성들이 배제되고 있다는 사실을 발견하게 되는데요.

we attribute edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
우리는 에디슨이 성공한 것은 지성적이고 근면했기 때문이라고 생각한다.

we experimented with magnetism in the physics laboratory.
우리는 물리 실험실에서 자기에 관한 실험을 했다.

we attended the sales convention in the capacity of observer.
우리는 입회인 자격으로 그 영업회의에 참석했다.

we shall deal with those children on a long leash.
우리는 그 아이들을 자유롭게 대할 것이다.

we spent about ten days there.
10일 동안 거기에 있었어요.

we spent three blissful weeks away from work.
우리는 일을 떠나 더없이 행복한 3주를 보냈다.

we wake up one morning and realize that we have lost our zest for life and a numb disinterest has taken its place.
우리는 어느 날 아침 일어나 삶을 위한 활력을 잃고 무기력한 무관심이 그 자리를 차지한 것을 깨닫게 됩니다.

we traveled night and day for a week.
우리는 일주일 동안 밤낮으로 여행했다.

we opened the container to discover it filled with contraband.
컨테이너를 열자 밀수품들이 쏟아져 나왔다.

we blew up the enemy's ammo dumps.
우리는 적의 탄약고를 폭파했다.

we anticipate that sales will rise next year.
내년에는 매출이 오를 것으로 예상한다.

we chose some curtains with a flower motif.
우리는 꽃 무늬가 있는 커튼을 골랐다.

we badly underestimated the technical challenges involved.
관련 기술 문제들을 우리가 너무 과소 평가했나 봐요.

we discover frappucino and ice coffee and everything else.
프라푸치노 , 아이스 커피 , 다른 모든 게 다 있네요.

we brush our teeth with a toothbrush.
우리는 칫솔로 이빨을 닦는다.

we fixed the shelf to the wall.
우리는 선반을 벽에 고정시켰다.

we swore each other to secrecy.
우리는 서로에게 비밀을 지킬 것을 맹세했다.

we monitor this on a daily basis.
우리는 이것을 매일 감시한다.

we require all students , left-brained and right-brained , to take required math classes.
우리는 좌뇌가 발달한 학생과 우뇌가 발달한 학생 등 모든 학생들이 , 필수 수학 수업을 듣도록 요구합니다.

we maintain contact with many large and small businesses.
저희는 크고 작은 여러 회사들과 관계를 유지하고 있습니다.

we encourage all members to strive for the highest standards.
우리는 모든 회원들에게 최고의 수준을 향해 분투하라고 격려합니다.

we teach a number of common massage techniques in our ten-month training program , such as swedish , sports massage , and reflexology.
저희의 10개월 연수 프로그램에서는 스웨덴 마사지 , 스포츠 마사지와 반사 요법과 같은 수많은 일반적인 마사지 기법을 가르쳐 드립니다.

we elevated the level of doses and also advanced stages of cancer.
우리는 그 용량의 수준을 높여서 암의 단계를 발전시켰습니다.

we did. i will call them and straighten it out.
맞아요. 제가 전화해서 어떻게 된 일인지 확인해 볼게요.

we terrified the girls with spooky stories.
우리는 무시무시한 얘기로 여자 애들을 두려움에 떨게 했다.

we perched on a couple of high stools at the bar.
우리는 그 바에 있는 등받이 없는 높은 의자 두 개에 걸터앉았다.

we parted , pledging to meet again.
우리는 재회를 기약하고 헤어졌다.

we parted brass rags with them.
우리는 그들과 사이가 틀어졌다.

we reluctantly agreed to go with her.
우리는 마지못해 그녀와 함께 가기로 했다.

we admire politicians who know when to stand down.
우리는 언제 물러나야할 지 아는 정치인을 높이 산다.

we shipped adams fifty chairs more than they ordered and now we have to retrieve them.
애덤스 사에 그들이 주문한 것보다 의자50개를 더 보냈는데 , 이제 그걸 회수해야 돼요.

we reckon to finish by ten.
우리는 10시까지 끝마칠 것으로 예상한다.

we reckon him among our supporters.
우리는 그를 우리 후원자의 한 사람으로 본다.

we abandoned the project because it was too expensive.
너무 비용이 많이 들기 때문에 우리는 그 프로젝트를 포기했다.

we scrambled up the nearly perpendicular side of the mountain.
우리는 거의 수직의 경사를 이루는 산면을 기어 올랐다.

we shuddered inwardly , hoping it was not coming our way.
우리는 그일이 우리에게 닥치질 않길 바라면서 내심 몸서리쳤다.

we crawled into the thicket and hid.
우리는 덤불 속으로 기어들어가 숨었다.

we recognise that theirs is an unenviable task.
우리는 그들의 것이 골치아픈 일이라는 것을 인정한다.

we deplore the terrorist attacks on america and condemn those who have involved in terrorism.
우리는 미국에 대한 테러 공격을 슬퍼하고 테러에 가담한 자들을 저주한다.

we overtook his car near the city hall.
우리는 시청 부근에서 그의 차를 따라잡았다.

we paddled downstream for about a mile.
우리는 약 1 마일쯤 하류로 노를 저어 갔다.

we deem that he is honest.
우리는 그가 정직하다고 생각한다.

we despaired of his life.=his life is despaired of.
그는 살아날 가망이 없다.

we lingered over breakfast on the terrace.
우리는 테라스에서 아침을 먹으며 오랜 시간을 보냈다.

we erect this statue to pay (a) tribute to the memory of the founder of this school.
본교의 창설자의 유덕을 기리기 위하여 이 동상을 건립함.

our holiday fell through at the last minute because the travel firm went bankrupt.
여행사가 파산하는 바람에 막판에 가서 우리 휴가 계획이 무산되었다.

our great adversaries in the cold war , china and russia , have largely been reconciled to the west.
냉전 시대 우리의 적대국이었던 중국과 러시아는 서방 세력과 화해를 했지요.

our way (ahead) is full of danger.
앞길은 위험에 차 있다.

our friends gave us a hearty welcome when we arrived.
우리가 도착했을 때 친구들이 따뜻하게 맞아 주었다.

our lunch time is longer than hers.
우리의 점심 시간이 그녀의 점심 시간보다 더 길다.

our jobs overlap slightly , which sometimes causes difficulties.
우리가 하는 일이 약간 중복되어서 가끔 곤란해질 때가 있다.

our plan fell through. or our plan proved abortive.
우리의 계획이 요절났다.

our two countries must put aside the memory of war and seek a modus vivendi.
우리 두 나라는 전쟁의 기억을 지우고 타협점을 찾아야 한다.

our school starts with homeroom and our homeroom teacher mr. rogers is really funny.
저희 학교는 홈룸시간(학급 전원이 모이는 생활 지도 시간)으로 시작해요. 그리고 로저스 홈룸 선생님은 정말 재미있으세요.

our school celebrated the 25th anniversary of its founding yesterday.
우리 학교는 어제 개교 25주년 기념식을 가졌다.

our family is no different from the average family.
우리 가정은 일반 가정과 다를 바가 없다.

our family had to live whole world asunder for 3 years.
하늘과 땅 만큼 떨어져서 우리 가족들은 3 년을 살아야만 했다.

our family just scraped by during the depression but we survived.
우리 가족은 대공황 시기에 근근이 살아갔지만 그래도 살아남았단다.

our life is , so to speak , a morning dew. or our life may be likened to a morning dew.
인생이란 이를테면 아침 이슬과 같은 것이다.

our second stop was the tourist bureau.
우리가 두번째로 갈곳은 여행사였다.

our second special is chicken souflaki made with marinated chicken that is char-broiled to perfection and served with onions , tomatoes and special sauce all wrapped in fresh pita bread.
두 번째 특선 요리는 마리네이드 양념된 닭고기가 숯불에 알맞게 구워진 후 양파 , 토마토와 특별 소스가 피타 빵에 덮여 나오는 닭고기 스브라키입니다.

our business philosophy is a simple one : we succeed only when our clients succeed.
저희의 사업철학은 간단합니다. 고객이 성공해야만 저희도 성공한다는 것입니다.

our marine environment is not in safe hands.
우리의 바다 환경은 안전하지 않다.

our little boy loves to ride his hobbyhorse.
우리 어린 아들은 목마 타는 걸 좋아한다.

our special today is three-cheese lasagna.
오늘의 특별 요리는 쓰리 치즈 라자냐입니다.

our research shows that acetaminophen - a common pain reliever found in many ordinary non-prescription medicines - may help to protect against heart disease.
많은 일반 의약품에서 발견되는 흔한 진통제인 아세트아미노펜이 심장 질환을 예방하는 효과가 있는 것으로 저희 연구에서 나타났습니다.

our team does not have a prayer of winning the game.
우리 팀이 게임을 이길 가망은 전연 없다.

our team will bear the palm in the game.
경기에서 우리 팀이 우승할 것이다.

our team won an easy victory with the explosive hits from the bottom of the lineup.
우리 팀은 하위 타선의 폭발로 경기에서 쉽게 승리했다.

our team battled it out for victory.
우리 팀은 승리를 위해 끝까지 싸웠다.

our team beat the other team again.
우리 팀이 상대팀을 또 이겼다.

our team piped at the post in the competition.
경기에서 우리 팀이 막판에 승리했다.

our forces had to retreat at the sudden onslaught of the enemy.
적군이 한꺼번에 밀려오자 아군은 후퇴해야 했다.

our first move was to create fifteen allergen-free rooms.
저희가 처음으로 시도한 것은 알레르겐이 없는 방을 15개 만든 것이었습니다.

our phone system does not handle transfers.
이 전화설비로는 전화를 돌려드릴 수가 없습니다.

our company is currently located in 35 states including new york.
현재 저희 회사는 뉴욕을 포함하여 35개 주에 지점이 있습니다.

our company does not refuse to hire those who are physically handicapped.
우리 회사는 장애인 고용을 외면하지 않는다.

our company lost money in that affair.
우리 회사는 그 사업에서 돈을 잃었다.

our company shipped 30 chairs on consignment to a store.
우리 회사는 위탁판매하기로 한 가게에 의자 30개를 보냈다.

our friend fell down and kind of played possum.
우리 친구는 넘어져서 죽은 체 했다.

our flight attendants will be providing complimentary beverage service once we are airborne.
비행기가 정상궤도에 이르게 되면 승무원들이 무료 음료를 제공해 드릴 것입니다.

our flight attendants will be distributing headphones in a moment.
잠시 후 저희 승무원들이 헤드폰을 나누어 드리겠습니다.

our country has long been strong in one-on-one physical matches such as judo and wrestling.
우리나라는 예로부터 유도나 레슬링 등의 투기 종목에 강했다.

our daughter is in delicate health.
우리 딸은 병약하다.

our sight grows dim with age. or one's eyes are dimmed with age.
나이를 먹으면 눈이 흐려진다.

our seats are on the fifth row.
우리 자리는 다섯번째 줄에 있어요.

our products are competitive in the international markets.
저희 제품은 국제시장에서도 경쟁력이 있습니다.

our compensation is the same as that of other companies.
우리 회사 급여는 다른 회사와 동일한 수준이에요.

our production process seems to be inefficient. i am sure a lot of the steps are simply unnecessary.
여기 생산 과정은 비능률적인 것 같군요. 대부분의 과정이 불필요한 것 같아요.

our customers are savvy shoppers , ' he said.
" 저희 고객분들은 현명하세요. " 그가 말했다.

our fundamental belief is that all people , worldwide , should have the opportunity to change their lives and contribute to their communities , as well as understanding that the path to societal and individual prosperity is through education.
우리의 근본적인 신념은 전세계의 모든 사람은 교육을 통해 사회적 개인적 번영으로의 길을 아는 것뿐만 아니라 삶을 변화시킬 기회와 지역 사회에 공헌할 수 있는 기회를 가져야 한다고 행각합니다.

our unique multilingual operation allows you to choose from english , french , spanish or japanese menus and places all other important functions literally at you fingertips.
저희 회사의 독자적인 다국어 기능으로 영어 , 프랑스어 , 스페인어 및 일본어 메뉴를 고를 수 있고 독자적인 기타 중요한 모든 기능들을 쉽게 작동할 수 있습니다.

our homes and offices need a continuous supply of electricity.
집과 사무실에는 계속해서 전기가 공급되어야 한다.

our homes cater for individuals as well as groups.
당사의 휴양소는 단체뿐만 아니라 개인도 흡족하게 해드립니다.

our store is in neighborhoods with theirs.
우리 가게는 그들 가게와 이웃해 있다.

our store is having a big birthday celebration.
우리 가게는 대규모 개점 기념 축하행사를 하고 있어요.

our schools were starved of cash for two decades.
우리의 학교들은 20년 동안 자금이 부족했다.

our army was victorious in every battle.
아군은 백전백승을 거두었다.

our army saluted the enemy with a volley during the night.
야간에 아군은 적에게 일제 사격을 가하였다.

our club has a constitution and bylaws.
우리 클럽에는 회칙과 부칙이 있다.

our buyers insist on high standards of workmanship and materials.
우리 구매자들은 높은 수준의 솜씨와 재료를 고집한다.

our educational world is short of talent.
우리 교육계에는 사람이 없다.

our relationship was based on mutual dependence.
우리 관계는 상호 의존에 기반을 두고 있었다.

our bodies communicate to us clearly and specifically , if we are willing to listen to them. (shakti gawain).
귀 기울여 들어준다면 우리 몸은 우리에게 분명하고 구체적으로 얘기한다. (삭티 거웨인 , 건강명언).

our youngest boy has gone down with chickenpox.
우리 집 막내아들이 수두가 걸렸어요.

our agents will assist you every step of the way from financing to escrow.
저희 부동산에서는 융자에서부터 에스크로에 이르기까지 모든 단계에 있어 도움을 드릴 것입니다.

our guest will provide a bright smile and hopefully enliven your evening.
오늘 게스트는 환한 웃음으로 여러분의 저녁 시간을 유쾌하게 만들어 주실 분으로 모셨습니다.

our complaint was dealt with satisfactorily.
우리의 불만 사항은 만족스럽게 처리가 되었다.

our camping trip was spoilt by bad weather.
우리의 캠핑 여행은 날씨가 안 좋아서 망쳐 버렸다.

our armed forces are in a parlous state.
우리의 무장 병력은 위태로운 상황에 처해있다.

our hosts were dona maria and her son , alberto.
우리의 후원자는 도나 마리아와 그녀의 아들 알버트였다.

our menus will be modified with items appealing to americans.
우리의 메뉴는 미국인에게 매력적인 제품으로 바뀔 것이다.

our licensed , experienced guides are certified in first aid.
면허를 소지한 경험 많은 저희 가이드들은 응급 처치 자격증을 소지하고 있습니다.

our team's main members and reserve players are pretty much the same in their skills.
우리 팀은 주전과 후보 선수들 간의 실력 차가 거의 없다.

our team's players went on the football field like lambs to the slaughter to meet the league leaders.
우리 팀 선수들은 조용히 축구장으로 나가 리그의 최우수 팀과 대전했다.

our team's offensive moves won the game.
우리 팀이 적극적 공세로 경기에서 이겼다.

our printer is going to do the binding.
인쇄업자가 제본할 겁니다.

our competition's product is no better than ours in quality , but it is more expensive as you know.
우리 경쟁사의 제품은 품질면에서 우리 것보다 더 나을게 없는데도 아시다시피 가격은 더 비쌉니다.

our housekeeper cleans , does the laundry , and makes the beds.
우리 가정부는 청소하고 세탁하고 침대를 정리한다.

nice to know the feeling is mutual.
같은 기분을 갖고 있다는 것을 알게되어 기뻐.

having a baby or dying a dependent can change it.
아이 출산이나 피부양인의 사망도 변경 요소이다.

having a goiter does not necessarily mean that your thyroid gland is not working normally.
갑상선종을 앓고 있다고 해서 당신의 갑성선이 비정상적으로 기능하고 있는 것이라고 볼 수 는 없다.

having a goiter does not necessarily mean that your thyroid gland is not working normally.
나는 피부색이 반드시 하얀색이 아닌 사람들도 자치를 할 수 있다고 믿는다.

having more money does not mean that you have the right to mistreat other people.
돈이 더 많다는 것은 다른 사람을 학대할 권리를 가졌다는 것을 의미하지 않습니다.

having an unhealthy body mass index increases the risk of liver cancer.
건강하지 않는 신체 용적 지수를 갖는 것은 간암의 위험성을 증가시킨다.

having language skills is a very big benefit if you are an oriental med student.
언어 능력을 갖는 것은 여러분이 한의학과 학생이라면 매우 큰 이점이에요.

having been sick for a while , his face has gotten ^thin and pale.
그는 한동안 앓고 나더니 얼굴이 핼쑥해졌다.

having found our sea legs we decided on a dolphin-watching cruise.
멀미를 하지 않는 것을 알고서 우리는 돌고래관광 유람선을 결정 했다.

having too few of these cells (thrombocytopenia) can lead to unusual bleeding or bruising.
이 세포의 개수가 너무 적으면(혈소판 감소증) 뜻하지 않은 출혈이나 멍이 생길수 있다.

great britain and her overseas dominions.
영국과 그 해외 판도.

great attention should be paid to the letterhead.
편지 윗 부분을 주의 깊게 봐야 한다.

great cormorant is known as the winter migratory bird.
민물가마우지는 겨울 철새로 알려져 있습니다.

see page 35.
35쪽 참조.

that is a very delicate and difficult situation.
그것은 굉장히 까다롭고 곤란한 상황이다.

that is a very basic law , called the conservation of momentum.
저것은 운동 보존이라 불리는 가장 기본적인 법률이다.

that is a matter of some lingering controversy.
그것은 일부 해결되지 않는 논란의 문제이다.

that is a huge change in perception.
그것은 엄청난 인식의 변화이다.

that is a pointless debate--we need to do both.
그것은 의미없는 논쟁이야. 우리 양쪽 모두 다 할 필요가 있어.

that is a clip from the 1988 movie as tears go by.
이 자료 화면은 1988년작 영화 열혈남아의 한 장면이었습니다.

that is a staggering rate of deterioration.
그것은 믿기 힘든 수치의 하락이다.

that is a climactic part of the song.
저것은 그 노래의 절정 부분이다.

that is in accordance with french law.
그것은 프랑스법을 따른다.

that is not a delisting case that is simply a listed building consent.
소위 말하는 주식 상장 기업인 선북스 닷컴사는 90일 간의 유예기간 동안 어느 하루라도 회사의 주식이 1달러 이상으로 폐장되는 경우에는 상장폐지를 면 할 수 있을 것이다.

that is not in my territory.
그것은 내 분야의 일이 아니다.

that is not quite the answer.
그것은 답이 아니다.

that is the heartbeat of america.
그것은 미국의 핵심적 특징이다.

that is the fault of louis xiv.
그것은 루이 14세의 잘못이다.

that is the customary practice in the house.
그건 의회의 통례적 관행이야.

that is the purport of her second reference.
저것이 그녀가 언급한 두번째 내용의 요지이다.

that is your place to compensate.
네가 보상해야 할 일이야.

that is our calling , and we do not shirk it.
이것이 우리의 요구이며 우리는 그것을 피하지 않을 것입니다.

that is why there are different procedural safeguards.
그것이 바로 각각 다른 절차적 안전장치가 존재하는 이유이다.

that is part of his strategy for the coming presidential election.
그건 다음 대선을 위한 포석의 하나였다.

that is quite another pair of shoes.
그것은 아주 별다른 일이다.

that is just not a doable aim.
저것은 간단히 할만한 일이 아니다.

that is mere hearsay.
그것은 풍문에 지나지 않는다.

that is women's lib twisting the scriptures and grasping at straws.
그것은 여성자유주의가 성경을 왜곡하고 억지해석하는 것이다.

that is relevant to the solvency issue.
그것은 지불능력 문제와 관계가 있다.

that , we believe , is incompatible with the dignity and inherent worth of life.
우리는 그것이 삶이 지닌 존엄함과 본래적 가치와 조화될 수 없다고 생각한다.

that you hurt my pride is beyond description.
당신이 내 자존심을 상하게 한 것은 이루 다 말할 수 없다.

that does not concern me at all.
그것은 나와는 전혀 무관하다.

that mean man is a cutthroat.
저 비열한 남자는 살인자야.

that work led her to carter , who hired her for the x-files over the objections of studio executives.
이 영화의 출연을 계기로 그녀는 카터(엑스 파일 제작자)의 눈에 띄게 되었고 그는 영화사 간부들의 반대에도 불구하고 그녀를 엑스 파일에 캐스팅했다.

that will put me out of countenance.
그렇게 하면 내 면목이 서지 않는다.

that will reduce the number of marines on okinawa by about a third.
이렇게 되면 , 오끼나와 주둔 미 해병의 수는 약 3분의 1 줄어듭니다.

that they need to wear comfortable walking shoes.
편안한 신발을 신고 걷는것.

that man over there is the dentist whom i told you about.
저기 있는 사람이 내가 너에게 얘기했던 그 치과 의사야.

that man smells of the rustic.
그 남자는 시골뜨기 티가 난다.

that can still be done today with the newsreaders built into netscape navigator and internet explorer.
netscape navigator와 internet explorer에 빌드된 뉴스 읽기 프로그램을 사용하여 현재도 이 작업을 수행할 수 있다.

that building is as dead as a dodo (bird) !.
저 건물은 완전히 끝났다.

that key decision passed off without any controversy.
그 중요한 결정은 아무 논쟁도 없이 해결되었다.

that boy is a little hellion and needs discipline.
저 아이는 좀 망나니 같아서 수양이 필요하다.

that boy is a naughty child.
그 소년은 버릇이 없다.

that movie is the best of thrillers.
그 영화는 스릴러 영화의 최고봉이다.

that movie was filled with slapstick comedy from beginning to end.
그 영화는 처음부터 끝까지 몸개그로 가득 차 있었다.

that means the end of the policy that pegs the argentine peso to the u.s. dollar.
이로써 아르헨티나 페소에 미 달러를 (1 : 1로) 고정시켜 놓은 고정환율제는 폐지됩니다.

that was a bad shot as he's not the criminal.
그는 범인이 아니었으므로 그것이 잘못 짚었던 것이었다.

that was a lecture as nice as ninepence.
그것은 예상 외로 도움이 되는 수업이었다.

that was a magnanimous and wise gesture.
관대하고 현명한 조치였다.

that was the most forthright critique that i have heard.
그것은 내가 들어본 것 중 가장 솔직 담백한 평론이었다.

that was the trigger for this phase.
그것은 이러한 국면이 나타나게 된 동기이다.

that was the gravest blunder in his life.
그것은 그의 일평생의 큰 실수였다.

that was very thoughtful of you !.
정말 고마워요 !.

that was another red herring and we were all hoodwinked once more.
그것은 또 다른 속임수 였고 우리는 다시 한번 속아 넘어갔다.

that was dumb ! what if we do not get the same boat today.
멍청하긴 ! 우리가 오늘 똑같은 배를 얻지 못하면 어떡할래.

that was fine , but after they put on their lipstick they would press their lips to the mirror leaving dozens of little lip prints.
여기까지는 좋았으나 립스틱을 바르고 난 다음 거울에 대고 입술 도장을 찍는 바람에 작은 입술 자국이 거울 위에 수십 개씩 남아 있었다.

that family had no interaction whatsoever with their neighbors.
그 집은 이웃과 전혀 왕래가 없었다.

that small building is an adjunct to the main library.
저 작은 건물은 중앙 도서관의 부속 건물이다.

that second lieutenant has been transferred to our unit recently.
그 소위는 이번에 우리 부대로 전입해 왔다.

that lawyer presented a convoluted argument to the judge , who rejected it.
그 변호사는 복잡한 논증을 했으나 판사는 그것을 기각했다.

that sounds fine to me. i just need to get away from the cafeteria.
좋은 생각이에요. 난 카페테리아에는 가고 싶지 않거든요.

that one thing he said had great social repercussions.
그의 말 한마디가 사회적으로 큰 파장을 일으켰다.

that old house has critters in it , mostly mice and cockroaches.
그 낡은 집에 있는 생물이라고는 주로 새앙쥐와 바퀴벌레다.

that government paid its soldiers in chits , not real cash.
그 정부는 군인들에게 현금이 아닌 전표로 월급을 지불했다.

that system will allow us to be in the coop.
그 시스템이 우리를 가두어 버릴 것입니다.

that mountain road is dangerous because of the steep drop-off.
그 산길은 경사가 급해서 위험하다.

that political party is a hotbed of revolution.
저 정당은 혁명의 온상이다.

that has a highly deleterious effect on the quality of the town.
이것은 지역의 질적인 면에서 대단히 해로운 결과를 불러오고 있다.

that company is notorious for its strict interview process.
그 회사는 면접이 까다롭기로 유명하다.

that company produces a family of household products.
그 회사는 가재도구류를 생산한다.

that company owes the bank over a hundred million won.
그 회사는 은행에 1억 이상 부채가 있다.

that girl of the town is selling herself.
저 창녀는 자기 자신을 팔고 있다.

that dog always barks at strangers ; he's very aggressive.
저 개는 낯선 사람을 보면 항상 짖는다 ; 그 개는 매우 공격적이다.

that dog wags its tail at everyone.
저 개는 아무에게나 꼬리를 흔든다.

that place was warm as toast in that coldness.
그 곳은 그 추위에 기분 좋게 따뜻했다.

that child with down's syndrome has a loving relationship with his parents.
다운증후군이 있는 그 아이는 부모와 애정이 깊다.

that doctor has great dedication to her work.
저 의사는 자신의 일에 대단히 헌신적이다.

that though was reliant on a local idea.
그럼에도 불구하고 그것은 편협한 생각에 의존한다.

that definitely threw me for a serious loop.
그 일 때문에 정말 어이없었지.

that guy is a loose cannon.
저 사람은 통제불능이다.

that guy thinks he is god's gift to basketball.
그 남자는 자신이 농구에 있어서는 최고라고 생각한다.

that singer is not all that she is cracked up to be.
그 가수는 전혀 소문만큼 잘 하진 못 해.

that really would put a dent in the lady-image.
그렇게하면 정말로 숙녀의 이미지에 손상을 줄수 도 있다.

that item is classified as a taxable item.
그 품목은 과세품에 해당한다.

that buying a house is a better value than renting an apartment.
집을 사는 것이 아파트를 빌리는 것보다 비용면에서 유용하다는 것.

that country has been under the domination of western powers for a long time.
그 나라는 오랫동안 서구열강의 지배를 받아 왔다.

that fashion will not prevail long.
그 유행은 오래가지 않을 것이다.

that restaurant has distinctive dishes on its menu.
그 음식점에는 특색 있는 메뉴가 많다.

that suit makes her look very masculine.
저 정장을 입으니 그녀가 아주 남자 같다.

that shows who the rogues and vagabonds are among the sexes.
그것은 성별 사이에 누가 나쁜 놈이고 부랑자인지 보여준다.

that same rule continues to guide us in today's war on terror.
오늘날 테러와의 전쟁에서도 똑같은 원칙이 이어져 지침을 주고 있다고 말했습니다.

that empty house is not heated in the winter.
저 빈 방은 겨울에는 난방을 하지 않는다.

that domestic sovereignty was inviolate , just like international sovereignty is now.
그 국내의 주권은 지금의 국제적인 주권이 그렇듯이 침범할 수 없는 것이었다.

that truck is carrying a carload of potatoes.
저 트럭은 감자 한 대 분을 운반하고 있다.

that turned out to be her dazzling pepsi commercial , which debuted in march during the academy awards and put millions in her back pocket.
그것은 다름 아닌 지난 3월 아카데미 시상식에서 첫 선을 보였던 휘황찬란한 펩시콜라 광고였으며 , 그녀는 출연료로 수백만 달러를 챙겼다.

that picture on the wall is askew and needs straightening.
벽에 붙어 있는 그 사진은 삐뚤어져 있어서 똑바로 걸 필요가 있다.

that customer has a complaint about a bad product.
저 손님은 나쁜 상품에 대해 불만을 가지고 있다.

that card company has a large membership.
저 카드회사는 회원이 많다.

that store is doing a roaring trade in computers.
그 가게에서는 컴퓨터가 엄청나게 나가고 있다.

that store has a large section of erotic literature.
저 가게에는 성 관련 서적이 많다.

that store marked down prices on its shoes by 30 percent.
저 가게는 신발 가격을 30퍼센트 인하했다.

that department store has a blowout sale on all items until the end of this month.
그 백화점은 이달 말까지 전 품목 파격 세일을 실시한다.

that tv program uses canned laughter recorded from other shows.
그 tv 프로그램은 다른 쇼에 녹음된 웃음소리를 이용한다.

that tv evangelist is always asking for donations.
tv에 나오는 그 전도사는 늘 사람들에게 기부금을 내라고 해.

that horse won the first kentucky derby.
저 말이 제1회 켄터키 경마에서 우승했다.

that politician was ousted from power by the coup d'tat.
그 정치가는 쿠데타로 거세되었다.

that politician has taken a stance midway between the conservatives and the liberals.
그 정치인은 보수와 진보 사이에서 중도적 입장을 취하고 있다.

that husband and wife are very compatible ; they will never get divorced.
저 부부는 서로 잘 맞아서 이혼하는 일은 절대 없을 것이다.

that lady is a famous pianist.
저 숙녀분은 유명한 피아노 연주자다.

that debt is a carryover from last year.
그 부채는 지난 해에서 이연된 것이다.

that accounts for the milk in the coconut. you love me a lot.
그것으로 충분히 알았다. 당신은 나를 매우 사랑한다는 것을.

that nightclub shows adult entertainment , such as nude dancing.
저 나이트 클럽은 누드 댄싱과 같은 성인 대상 쇼를 보여준다.

that client is used to receiving prompt attention.
그 고객은 즉각적인 응대를 받는 데 익숙해 있다.

that couple practices contraception by using a condom.
저 부부는 콘돔을 써서 피임을 한다.

that ocean is full of sharks and i did not care to attract their attention.
바다에 상어가 득실대고 있어서 그들의 주의를 끌고 싶지 않았어.

that puts a different complexion on the matter.
그것은 이 문제에 다른 국면을 부여한다.

that district is currently enveloped in a blanket of thick smog.
그 지역은 현재 두꺼운 스모그가 짙게 깔려있다.

that photo keeps my memory alive.
저 사진은 그 기억을 잊지 않도록 하고 있다.

that perfume has such a strong scent.
그 향수는 냄새가 너무 진하다.

that ship is on a northerly bearing.
그 배는 북쪽에 있다.

that ship was sinking very fast.
그 배는 매우 빠르게 침몰하고 있었다.

that runner is a speed demon.
저 주자는 귀신같이 빠르다.

that bond is convertible into common stock.
그 채권은 보통주로 전환할 수 있다.

that contract is null and void.
그 계약은 더 이상 효력이 없다.

that coat is soaking ? take it off.
외투가 다 젖었구나. 그거 벗어.

that familiar look crossed his face.
그의 얼굴에 낯익은 표정이 스쳤다.

that suggestion arouses sharp reactions from the five permanent security council members.
그러나 사무총장 후보 복수추천안에 대해 5개 상임 이사국들로부터 신랄한 반대반응을 불러 일으켰습니다.

that adjective is not used at all.
그 형용사는 전혀 쓰이지 않는 말입니다.

that revelation has brought the dairy multi-national into insolvency.
이 사실이 발각되면서 다국적 낙농업체인 파마라트 사는 파산에 이르렀습니다.

that bottle contains some deadly chemicals. be very , very careful.
그 병에는 치명적인 화학약품이 담겨있습니다. 아주 아주 조심하세요.

that blanket was the lord's anointed to me when my car broke down in the snow.
차가 눈 속에서 고장 났을 때 저 담요가 내 구세주였다.

that shopkeeper never cut down the price.
그 가게 주인은 절대로 값을 깎아주지 않는다.

that precludes them from entering the labour market.
그것은 그들이 노동 시장에 들어가는 것을 막았다.

that bookstore across the street is closing down.
길 건너편에 있는 서점이 문을 닫는데요.

that skirt of hers is positively indecent.
그녀의 저 치마는 확실히 노출이 심하다.

that fortune-teller often makes good hits.
저 점쟁이는 더러 맞힌다.

that loophole appears to me to be still open.
그 허점은 나에게는 여전히 허점투성이로 보인다.

that proviso is , of course , critically important.
그 조건은 , 당연히 매우 중요하다.

that coquette is making eyes at paul.
저 요부가 paul에게 추파를 던지고 있다.

that toady is kissing her ass.
저 아첨쟁이는 그녀에게 굽실거리고 있다.

that saleswoman is very helpful to customers.
저 여점원은 손님 접대가 친절하다.

man is a creation of desire , not a creation of need.
인간은 욕망의 창조물이지 필요의 창조물이 아니다.

man is a pliable animal , a being who gets accustomed to everything.
사람은 유연한 동물이며 , 모든 일에 숙달될 수 있는 존재이다.

man out of the top drawer.
명문 출신의 남자.

over the time , players build up a menagerie of pokemons with different skills and strengths.
오랫동안 게임을 하면 플레이어들은 다양한 기술과 힘을 가진 포켓몬 동물원을 만들게 된다.

over the long haul , these things are a blip.
긴 안목으로 보면 , 이것들은 일시적인 문제일 뿐이에요.

over the last two years , many of the neighborhood's businesses have relocated to other parts of the city-uptown in particular.
지난 2년 동안 인근의 상당수 업체들이 이 도시의 다른 지역 , 특히 주택가로 점포를 이전했습니다.

over the stile and you are back on to high down.
저 계단만 넘으면 당신은 다시 하이 다운(지명)으로 돌아 온 것이다.

over time , these small particles speed the buildup of a sticky substance in the blood.
시간이 지나면서 이 작은 분진으로 인해 혈액 내에는 끈끈한 물질이 빠른 속도로 축적됩니다.

over years , through socialization , stress , or any number of reasons , humans habituate a stance that is commonly recognized ---- in these days of ergonomics ---- as bad posture.
여러 해 동안 , 사회화 , 스트레스 , 또는 많은 이유들로 인해서 , 사람들은 - 요즘과 같은 인간 공학 시대에 - 흔히 나쁜 자세로 인식되는 자세에 익숙해져 있 습니다.

over years , through socialization , stress , or any number of reasons , humans habituate a stance that is commonly recognized ---- in these days of ergonomics ---- as bad posture.
여러 해 동안 , 사회화 , 스트레스 , 또는 많은 이유들로 인해서 , 사람들은 - 요즘과 같은 인간 공학 시대에 - 흔히 나쁜 자세로 인식되는 자세에 익숙해져 있습니다.

over 50 million americans are now infected with an incurable std.
미국인들중 5천만명 이상이 현재 치유할수 없는 성병에 감염되어있다.

over 60 percent of the respondents said they were not satisfied with sex education at school , said lee myung-hwa , chief of aha.
" 응답자의 60 퍼센트 이상이 학교의 성교육에 만족하지 않는다고 말했습니다 ," 아하의 장인 이명화씨가 말했습니다.

let's go in here. the sign says wigs are on sale.
여기 들어가 보자. 간판에 가발 세일중이라고 적혀 있어.

let's go to a nearby caf and talk.
잠깐 근처 찻집에 가서 이야기해요.

let's go to rafael's bistro.
라파엘스 비스트로로 가죠.

let's go over it step by step from the beginning.
처음부터 차근차근히 검토해 봅시다.

let's go skiing up at sky valley resort for a week or so.
일주일 정도 일정으로 스키밸리리조트로 스키타러 가자.

let's get this work done asap when we get to the office.
사무실에 도착하는 즉시 곧 이 일을 끝내세.

let's drink to the start of a lovely relationship , you lovebirds.
사랑에 눈먼 두 남녀의 연애 시작을 위해 , 건배.

let's be charitable and assume she just made a mistake.
너그럽게 생각해서 그녀가 그냥 실수를 했다고 봐 줍시다.

let's be honest. there were two olympic games this year.
정직해져라. 올해에는 두 번의 올림픽 경기가 있었다.

let's learn some useful shopping tips that will save you time , money and aggravation.
시간과 돈을 절약하고 물건을 산 다음 약이 오르지 않기 위해서 쇼핑에 관한 유용한 정보를 배워보자.

let's have a surprise birthday party for jane.
제인 생일에 깜짝 파티 해 주자.

let's hope the company that made the sandbag will give poor joe a new sandbag for all his troubles.
그 샌드백을 만든 회사가 불쌍한 조의 골칫거리 해결을 위해 그에게 새로운 샌드백을 주었으면 좋겠네요.

let's find out what exactly is a heart meridian and why wearing a watch on the left wrist is so dangerous.
수소음심경이란 정확히 무엇을 말하고 , 왼쪽 팔목에 시계를 차는 것이 왜 위험할 수 있는지에 대해서 알아보도록 하자.

let's find out about macaroni and cheese.
마카로니와 치즈에 대해 알아봅시다.

let's talk only about this topic since for the residue there will be no end.
그 외에 것에 대해 이야기 하면 끝이 없을 테니까 이 topic에 대해서만 이야기합시다.

let's take a breather and go get some coffee.
잠깐 숨 좀 돌리고 커피나 마시러 가자.

let's stop in here and have cocktails , ok ?.
우린 여기 잠깐 들러서 칵테일 한 잔 하자 , 좋지 ?.

let's use the only stick left in our hedge.
우리의 단 한 가지 수단을 사용하자.

let's run and get some lunch. i am starved.
빨리 가서 점심 먹자구. 배가 고파 죽겠어.

let's vote before we speak another word.
즉석에서 투표하자.

let's reason whether your answer is correct or not.
너의 답이 옳은지 그른지 논해 보자.

let's meet in front of the national monument.
국립 기념관 앞에서 만나자.

let's just say i do not find myself staring so much anymore.
지금은 제가 그렇게 계속 쳐다보거나 하진 않더라구요.

let's just say that the north koreans have been known to go around with the glossy brochures about their ballistic missiles.
북한 사람들이 탄도미사일 선전 팜플렛을 들고 다닌다는 정도만 말해 두지요.

let's play fair. or play the game !.
페어플레이하자.

let's suppose you are in japan.
당신이 일본에 있다고 가정해 보자.

let's discuss about the curse of cain.
카인이 받은 형벌에 대해 논의해 보자.

let's carry this cargo in a little at a time.
이 화물을 한 번에 조금씩 운반합시다.

let's munch something.
뭣 좀 간단하게 먹읍시다.

let's dispense with such formal exchanges today.
오늘은 격식을 차린 인사는 집어치웁시다.

let's scram !.
달아나자 !.

open systems interconnection - message handling system and directory service - p1 protocol implementation conformance statement(p1 pics).
개방시스템 상호접속 - 메시지 처리 시스템과 디렉토리 서비스 - p1 프로토콜 구현 적합성 명세.

open systems interconnection - message handling system and directory service - p2 protocol implementation conformance statement(p2 pics).
개방시스템 상호접속 - 메시지 처리 시스템과 디렉토리 서비스 - p2 프로토콜 구현 적합성 명세.

open systems interconnection-distributed transaction processing - part1 : osi tp model.
개방시스템 상호접속-분산트랜잭션처리 표준 ; 제1부 : osi tp 모형.

listen , disregard the due date , i must have written the wrong date by mistake.
있잖아요 , 신청 기한은 무시하세요 , 아마 실수로 잘못된 날짜를 적었나 봐요.

can i go to ucla with 30 dollars ?.
30달러로 ucla까지 갈 수 있습니까 ?.

can i have a doggy bag , please ?.
남은 음식은 싸 주세요.

can i have a shoehorn ?.
구둣주걱 좀 주시겠어요 ?.

can i use your loo , please ?.
화장실 좀 써도 될까요 ?.

can i just put my back-pack in my lap ?.
배낭은 제 무릎 위에다 두면 안되나요 ?.

can i continue to stay on for extra two nights ?.
이틀 밤 더 체류 기간을 연장할 수 있을까요 ?.

can i anticipate seeing you there ?.
거기에 오신다고 생각해도 되지요 ?.

can i dine inside the shop ?.
가게 안에서 먹어도 됩니까 ?.

can i grub on some more fries ? (slang).
튀김 감자를 좀 더 먹어도 될까요 ?.

can not you think of anything else ?.
다른 생각은 없어 ?.

can not get blood from a turnip.
여린 순무로부터 피를 빨 수는 없다.(벼룩의 간을 빼먹으리오.) (서양속담 , 돈속담).

can not fill.
슈미트씨는 한반도나 대만해협 , 코카사스나 심지어 아프리카 등지에서 무엇이 안정을 유지하고 있는지를 생각한다면 세계무대에서 미국의 후퇴는 다른 강 대국이나 유엔 같은 기구들이 채울 수 없는 엄청난 결과를 초래할 것이라고 지적합니다.

can not locate installable compressor needed to play this file.
이 파일을 재생하는 데 필요한 설치 가능 압축 프로그램을 찾을 수 없습니다.

can the two countries coexist after the war ?.
전쟁 후에도 양국이 공존할 수 있을까요 ?.

can you do (the) backstroke ?.
너 배영 할 줄 아니 ?.

can you get me a form to apply for the ph.d. program ?.
박사과정 지원서를 좀 주시겠습니까 ?.

can you please sign for the parcel ?.
이 소포 받았다는 사인 좀 해 주시겠어요 ?.

can you lend me some money until payday ?.
급여일까지 돈 좀 빌려 줄래요 ?.

can you stay a little longer ?.
좀 더 있을 수 있니 ?.

can you take it easy on the bass drum there ?.
베이스 드럼 좀 살살 칠 수 없겠니 ?.

can you believe that a government that is so worried about the economic crisis and social issues actually approved such ridiculous vip marketing ?.
여러분은 정부가 경제 위기와 사회적 문제들을 너무 걱정해서 실제로 그러한 터무니 없는 vip 마케팅을 승인 받을 수 없다는 것을 믿을 수 있 나요 ?.

can you organize someone to come over and fix it ?.
수리할 사람을 보내 주시겠습니까 ?.

can you stick this on the noticeboard ?.
이거 게시판에 좀 붙여 놓겠니 ?.

can you sing the national anthem of the united states ?.
너는 미국 국가를 부를 줄 아는가 ?.

can you fill up the bathtub for me please ?.
욕조에 물 좀 받아 주세요.

can you polish the top of the table ?.
식탁 위 좀 닦겠니 ?.

can you hide the grey with coloring ?.
흰머리를 염색으로 가려 주시겠어요 ?.

can you patch up this umbrella for me ?.
이 우산을 고쳐 주실 수 있을런지요 ?.

can you wipe the muck off the windows ?.
창문들에 낀 먼지 좀 닦겠니 ?.

can you rustle up 5 , 000 bucks till tomorrow ?.
내일까지 5천불 마련할 수 있니 ?.

can you decipher what this says ?.
이것이 무슨 말인지 이해할 수 있겠니 ?.

can you waggle your ears ?.
너 귀를 움직거릴 수 있니 ?.

can this be a duplicate of the document ?.
이것이 그 문서의 사본일까 ?.

can anything be done to stop hurricanes ?.
이 허리케인을 저지할 방안은 없을까요 ?.

can we meet in the chat room same time tomorrow ?.
내일도 같은 시간에 채팅방에서 만날 수 있을까 ?.

can we swap places ? i can not see the screen.
우리 자리 바꿔 앉을까 ? 난 화면이 안 보여.

can conservation and consumerism co-exist successfully ?.
자연 보호와 소비자주의가 성공적으로 공존할 수 있을까요 ?.

tomorrow is the twentieth of may.
내일은 5월 20일이다.

tomorrow morning will see foggy skies along the southwest.
내일 아침은 남서쪽에 안개가 끼겠습니다.

why do i have to study mathematics ?.
왜 수학공부를 해야 하나요 ?.

why do not i arrange for the caterer , and you arrange for the band.
나는 출장연회업체에 연락을 하고 당신은 밴드를 섭외하면 어떻겠습니까 ?.

why do not the police raid the school-yard bullies ?.
경찰에서는 왜 학교 깡패 녀석들을 단속하지 않는 거야 ?.

why do not we go sweat it out in the sauna to ward off the heat ?.
이열치열이라고 우리 사우나에 가서 땀 한번 쭉 내고 올까요 ?.

why do not we bend the law.
우리 위법이 안 될 만큼만 속이자.

why do not we adjourn until after lunch ?.
점심 시간 이후까지 휴정하면 어떨까요 ?.

why do you all kick up a shine ? did something happen ?.
다들 왜 이렇게 법석을 떠는 거야 ? 무슨 일이 일어난거야 ?.

why do you want to go and see that superannuated rock band ?.
왜 그 다 늙어 한물간 록밴드의 공연을 보러 가려 하시나요 ?.

why do you want to strip the person to the buff ?.
왜 그 사람을 발가벗기고 싶은데 ?.

why do you want to abolish it ?.
당신은 왜 이것이 폐지되기를 원하십니까 ?.

why do you eat so much candy ?.
사탕을 왜 그렇게 많이 먹어요 ?.

why do you think the martian hid from us ?.
그 화성인이 왜 숨어 버렸을까 ?.

why do you stay there , mina ?.
미나야 , 왜 거기에 있니 ?.

why do you guys always drink a champagne toast on christmas morning ?.
왜 너희들은 크리스마스 아침에 샴페인으로 축배를 드는거니 ?.

why do we all overlook the simplicity of the ballot box.
왜 우리는 모두 이 투표제도의 간단함을 간과할까 ?.

why do we try to predict the weather ?.
왜 날씨를 예측하려고 노력하는 것일까 ?.

why is not the automatic gate opening ?.
왜 자동문이 열리지가 않죠 ?.

why is the man hesitant to start his own business ?.
남자는 자기 사업을 시작하는 것을 왜 주저하는가 ?.

why is the state legislature changing its original plan ?.
주 의회는 처음의 의안을 왜 바꾸고 있는가 ?.

why is the maid knocking at this unearthly hour ?.
왜 이렇게 터무니없이 이른 시간에 청소 직원이 문을 두드리는 거지 ?.

why is england also referred to as britain and the united kingdom ?.
영국은 왜 브리튼이라고도 하고 또 대영제국이라고도 부르는 겁니까 ?.

why in the world are you being so careless ?.
무슨 일을 이따위로 하는 겁니까 ?.

why not open the cupboard as well ?.
찬장도 열어 놓지 ?.

why ? he thinks he has no superpowers.
왜 ? 그는 그가 초능력이 없다고 생각해.

why are you so morose these days -- what' s depressing you ?.
요즘 왜 그렇게 침울하신가요 ? 무엇이 당신을 우울하게 만드는지요 ?.

why are you being so mean and pick nits ?.
왜 그렇게 못되게 굴면서 흠을 들추는 거야 ?.

why are you getting away from everyone and wandering about ?.
왜 사람들에게서 멀리 떨어져서 배회하고 있어요 ?.

why are you running amok ?.
너 왜 날뛰니 ?.

why are you seeking a quarrel ?.
왜 싸움 거는 건데 ?.

why are you rubbing salt into my wound so early in the day ?.
왜 아침부터 염장을 지르고 난리야 !.

why are you hacking around ? do not you have homework ?.
왜 그렇게 빈둥대고 있니 ? 숙제 없어 ?.

why does not the government pass automobile emission control laws ?.
정부에서는 왜 자동차 배기가스 규제법을 통과시키지 않는거죠 ?.

why does the man want the monthly report ?.
남자가 월간 보고서를 필요로 하는 이유는 ?.

why does the woman want the hallway to be cleared ?.
여자는 왜 복도가 말끔히 정돈되기를 바라는가 ?.

why does the woman want to see patty ?.
여자는 왜 패티를 보고자 하는가 ?.

why does the woman want to sell her car ?.
여자는 왜 자기 차를 팔고자 하는가 ?.

why does keri sato say andrew skilling is not eligible for state health insurance ?.
케리 사토는 어째서 앤드류 스킬링이 주 의료보험 적용 대상이 아니라고 하는가 ?.

why get an ulcer over things that do not really matter ?.
왜 그렇게 중요하지도 않은 일 때문에 궤양에 걸려야 하지 ?.

why people are prepared to tolerate a four-hour journey each day for the dubious privilege of living the country is beyond my ken.
왜 사람들이 시골에 산다는 모호한 특권 때문에 매일 네 시간씩의 여행을 기꺼이 견뎌내는가 하는 것은 나의 이해범위를 뛰어 넘는다.

why on earth is she being selfish ? she's not.
그녀가 왜 저렇게 이기적이지 ? (원래는)그렇지 않은데.

why can not we access the data ?.
데이터를 볼 수 없다니요 ?.

why did not the judge give mr. smith custody ?.
법원에서는 왜 스미스 씨에게 양육권을 주지 않았을까요 ?.

why did not you deny it ? because it's true ?.
왜 부인하지 않았지 ? 그게 사실이라서 그랬을까 ?.

why did not anybody tell us that ?.
왜 아무도 우리에게 이 사실을 말하지 않았을까 ?.

why did not linda accept that new job offer ?.
린다가 왜 새 일자리 제안을 거절했지 ?.

why did the vice president leave the company so suddenly ?.
왜 부사장님은 그렇게 갑작스럽게 회사를 그만두셨죠 ?.

why did you move the bookcase over there ?.
왜 책꽂이를 저기다 놨어요 ?.

why bother to register for elections ? it is very complicated.
뭐하러 선거 등록해요 ? 아주 복잡한데.

why drive to london this month ?.
이달에는 런던까지 드라이브 갑시다.

why must the plane leave again so quickly ?.
비행기가 그렇게 빨리 다시 떠나야 하는 이유는 무엇인가 ?.

why nasser did this , however , is where my various sources diverge.
그러나 나세르가 그것을 한 이유는 그 곳이 나의 다양한 원천이 발산되는 장소이기 때문이다.

being a light sleeper , i wake up quite often during the night.
나는 얕은 잠을 자기 때문에 밤에 자주 깬다.

being a buddhist monk is his calling in life.
불교의 수도승은 그의 천직이다.

being a fuddy duddy is less stressful.
구식으로 사는 게 스트레스를 덜 받아요.

being under this kind of stress sometimes is normal.
간혹 이러한 스트레스를 받는 것은 일반적인 현상이다.

being caught a third time will incur a hefty fine of $180.
그리고 , 세 번째로 걸렸을 때는 180달러라는 과중한 벌금을 물게 됩니다.

being thoughtless , he throws the helve after the hatchet.
그는 더뻑거려서 항상 손해를 본다.

never mind.
신경 쓰지 마.

never mind , it'll be all right.
신경쓰지 마 , 괜찮을 거야.

never mind that britain has not joined the new currency , or even said whether it will.
영국이 새로운 유로사용에 동참하지 않았다거나 혹은 사용의사를 밝히지 않았다 하더라도 신경 쓰지 마라.

never was a man more conscientious than he.
그 사람만큼 양심적인 사람은 일찍이 없었다.

never use this propane unit indoors and do not store the cylinder indoors.
이 프로판 가스 버너를 절대 실내에서 사용하지 말고 실린더를 실내에 두지도 마십시오.

never hold a pistol to a person's head.
절대로 남의 머리에 총을 대지 마라.

never chew with your mouth open.
입을 벌린 채로 음식을 씹지 말 것.

other such mementoes were hands and genitals.
다른 기념품들은 손과 성기들이었다.

other foods that contain appreciable amounts of oxalic acid include cabbage , grapes , beetroot , tomatoes , sweet potatoes , chocolate , nuts , berries and tea.
상당한 양의 옥살산을 포함한 다른 음식들은 양배추 , 포도 , 비트루트 , 토마토 , 고구마 , 초콜릿 , 견과류 , 딸기류 그리고 차가 있습니다.

other companies have successfully used titanium dioxide instead of buckyballs.
다른 회사들은 이산화티탄을 버키볼 대신 성공적으로 사용했습니다.

other complaints included signs , amenities , flight availability , and parking shuttles.
그 밖에도 표지판 , 편의 시설 , 항공편 운항 횟수 , 공항-주차장 간 셔틀 버스 등이 지적되었습니다.

other passengers seemingly walked away from the crash site and had not been accounted for by late sunday.
이밖에 일부 승객들은 충돌현장에서 걸어 나왔으며 생존자 명단에 포함되지 않은 것으로 보입니다.

other tests are necessary to determine the presence of vesicoureteral reflux.
방광 요관 역류 증상을 확인하기 위해서는 다른 검사가 필요하다.

other examples would be ones of race and socio-economical status.
다른 예들은 인종 및 사회 경제적 지위에 관한 것이다.

other acts include a monologue , a tennis match filled with odd sounds and a skit about a spiderman that literally tickles the audience.
다른 극들은 독백 , 이상한 음으로 가득한 테니스 게임 그리고 관객들을 완전히 웃기게 만드는 스파이더 맨에 관한 촌극 등을 포함한다.

other heroes do their work quietly , unnoticed by most of us , but making a difference in the lives of other people.
다른 영웅들은 우리들 대부분의 눈에 띄지 않게 조용히 자신의 일을 하지만 다른 사람들의 삶에 영향을 미친다.

other cancers are also affected by cigarette smoke.
다른 암들도 또한 담배연기에 의해 영향을 받는다.

other hazards include black teeth stained from rich red wines.
레드 와인 때문에 치아가 검게 얼룩진다는 것도 위험 요인 중 하나죠.

other total-body workouts with similar benefits include cross-country skiing , jogging , and cycling.
그 밖에 전신 운동으로서 크로스컨트리 스키와 조깅 , 자전거 타기 등이 있습니다.

it's a cold and windy day.
춥고 바람이 분다.

it's a very painstaking piece of work.
그것은 많이 공들인 작품이다.

it's a world inspired by nature.
이곳은 자연의 생기가 넘치는 세상입니다.

it's a pleasure to meet you , your highness.
만나뵙게 되어 기쁨입니다 , 폐하.

it's a good idea to put the car in first gear when driving uphill.
언덕을 오를 때는 기어를 일단에 놓고 가는 것이 좋다.

it's a good thing the organizers shipped in an extra 20 , 000 condoms last week.
지난 주 주최측이 추가로 20 , 000개의 콘돔을 수송한 것은 잘 한 일이다.

it's a cool place to socialize or even bring a date.
사회적으로 활동하거나 심지어 데이트하기도 참 좋은 장소에요.

it's a big country with a lot of interstate commerce , large distances to travel and a very large , active economy.
각 주들 사이의 상업거래가 빈번하며 매우 크고 활발한 경제로 운송거리 역시 큰 나라이다.

it's a small analyzer that attaches to any telephone , and allows users to speak to each other in different languages.
이것은 아무 전화기에나 부착할 수 있는 조그마한 분석기로 사용자들이 서로 다른 언어로 상대방과 통화할 수 있도록 해줍니다.

it's a question faced by every inventor , including dean kamen.
이는 딘 카멘을 비롯한 모든 발명가들이 직면하게 된 질문입니다.

it's a little big in the hip.
엉덩이가 조금 큽니다.

it's a meeting of the classical and the modern.
고전과 현대의 만남이죠.

it's a real bummer that she can not come.
그녀가 못 온다니 정말 실망이다.

it's a medical school wherein we could learn a love for humanity.
의과대학에서 우리는 인류애를 배울 수 있다.

it's a cellular and cordless phone all in one.
전화기 한 대에 휴대와 무선 두 가지 기능이 있습니다.

it's a statement about the affluence of america.
미국의 풍요함을 말해주는 대목이죠.

it's a sacred promise our military makes to all who serve in uniform.
그것은 우리의 군에서 만든 군복을 입은 모든 이가 꼭 지켜야 할 약속이다.

it's a piece of cake. or it's nothing. or it's a duck soup for me.
그런 일쯤은 여반장이다.

it's a myth that wolves are dangerous to people.
늑대가 인간에게 위험하다는 것은 근거 없는 얘기예요.

it's a relieve that i could away out the stain.
내가 얼룩을 문질러 지울 수 있어서 다행이다.

it's a lovely day , is not it ?.
날씨가 참 좋죠 ?.

it's a brisk and sparky read.
그것은 활발하고 경쾌한 읽을거리이다.

it's a triplet of bodily fluids that have something in common.
이것들은 우리 몸의 세 가지 체액인데 다른 어떤 공통적인 성분을 가지고 있습니다.

it's a bliss to be able to lie back and just forget all about your worries.
드러누워 근심 걱정을 완전히 잊어버릴 수 있다는 것은 더 없는 행복이다.

it's a commingling of a lot of factors.
이것은 많은 요소들을 합한것이다.

it's a discounter , kind of like big lots (bli) , they do closeouts and stuff.
이것들은 모두 재고 정리 상품인데 그 신발은 갈색밖에 없어요.

it's a cinch. or it's a piece of cake. or it's a walk in the park. or it's (as) easy as apple pie.
그건 식은 죽 먹기야.

it's a yearning ; you can almost feel the emptiness that needs to be filled.
갈망이란 니가 채워지길 바라는 것이 텅 비어져 있다고 느끼는 것이다.

it's a hunk of change but i hope it will help.
얼마 안 되는 돈이지만 도움이 되기를 바란다.

it's a cul de sac with a dozen buildings.
수십개의 빌딩이 있는 이 곳은 막다른 골목이다.

it's a tad too expensive for me.
그것이 내게는 좀 너무 비싸다.

it's in a protected area near the patio and gets very little direct sunlight , but plenty of water.
테라스 근처의 가려진 곳에 있고 직사광선은 거의 받지 못하지만 물은 많이 줬어요.

it's in the supply room down the hall.
복도 끝 물품 보관실에 있어요.

it's not a good behavior to scheme on someone.
남과 농탕치는 것은 좋은 행동이 아니다.

it's not a coincidence that none of the directors are women.
이사들 중 여자가 한 명도 없는 것은 우연히 그리 된 게 아니다.

it's not the microbes that make you sick ,.
우리를 병들게 하는 건 병원균 자체가 아닙니다.

it's not like me to shoot that high score.
제가 그런 높은 점수를 쏘아 맞히다니 뜻밖이에요.

it's not so bad to get back into hardness after all those resting.
휴식이 끝나고 늘상 하는 일로 다시 되돌아 가는 것도 나쁘지만은 않다.

it's not good to drown your sorrow in drink.
괴롭다고 술로 잊으려는 건 좋지 않다.

it's not easy to learn taekwondo , right ?.
태권도를 배우는 것은 쉽지 않아 , 그렇지 ?.

it's not easy to find a well-suited man through open recruitment.
공모를 통해서 적임자를 구하기란 쉽지 않다.

it's not true that you get the flu from a flu vaccination.
독감 예방 접종을 받아 독감에 걸렸다는 말은 사실이 아닙니다.

it's not ordinary sand though -- it is compacted sand.
이것은 평범한 모래가 아니라 탄탄하게 굳은 모래이다.

it's not falling on stony ground for us.
이것은 우리에게 효과가 없어.

it's usually seen as a risky endeavor.
그것은 대개 모험적인 노력으로 비춰지기 쉽다.

it's the time of year to send out the christmas cards.
이제 크리스마스 카드 발송할 때가 됐어요.

it's the technology : two chemicals known as electrodes , with different abilities of attracting electrons , undergo chemical reactions with a third substance called an electrolyte.
이것은 기술이다. 전자를 유인하는 각각의 다른 능력을 가진 , 전극이라고 알려진 두 화학물질이 전해물이라 불리는 제 3의 성분과 함께 화학.

it's the technology : two chemicals known as electrodes , with different abilities of attracting electrons , undergo chemical reactions with a third substance called an electrolyte.
적 반응을 일으킨다.

it's the mannerism , the persona and the intelligence that shows a person's capacity.
일상적인 버릇과 인격 그리고 지적 수준이 사람의 능력을 보여주는 것이다.

it's the uk's own fault that we have elected this mendacious government.
우리가 이런 위선적인 정부를 선출해 왔다는 것은 영국인들 스스로의 잘못일 뿐입니다.

it's the dreaded lurgy !.
그것은 무서운 병이야 !.

it's the pace- the story does not flow very well.
속도야 , 이야기 전개가 순조롭지가 않아.

it's from the sf chronicle , but i do not know the date.
그녀의 최근 소설은 데번 지역 한 마을의 생활을 연대기적으로 그린 작품이다.

it's like a ray of sunshine in my life.
그건 제 삶에 한 줄기 빛 같은 존재랍니다.

it's like being under a hair dryer in a double-wide dentist chair that's capable of dizzying positions.
이는 치과의자 두 배 크기의 헤어 드라이기 아래 들어가는 것 같으며 , 현기증 나는 자세를 취할 수도 있습니다.

it's no use struggling and wriggling.
아무리 몸부림쳐도 소용없다.

it's no longer human , it's just a hunk of meat.
그것은 더이상 사람이 아니다 , 그것은 단지 고기덩이 이다.

it's so admirable of her to always take care of her younger siblings.
그녀는 기특하게도 항상 동생들을 챙긴다.

it's so rigid and i am a little astonished at how male-centric it is and i have just never experienced that in my life.
아주 완고하고 , 너무나 남성 중심적이어서 좀 놀랐죠 , 이런 경험은 난생 처음입니다.

it's so hot. let's go for a bathe.
너무 덥다. 수영하러 가자.

it's up to you. pick anyplace you want.
당신이 정하시는 대로요. 좋아하시는 곳으로 아무 데나 정하세요.

it's very versatile , easy , and fool-proof.
이것은 매우 다용도이고 , 쉽고 , 누구나 쉽게 사용하는 것이다.

it's much simpler , even a beginner could learn use it in a few hours.
훨씬 간단해서 초보자도 몇 시간이면 쓰는 법을 배울 거에요.

it's my turn to ask a question.
내가 질문할 차례야.

it's my turn to use the computer.
내가 컴퓨터 사용할 차례야.

it's my home away from home.
마치 내 집 같은 곳이야.

it's all right here on channel 12.
이 모든 것이 다 채널 12번 , 여기서 방송됩니다.

it's all part of the game that the murderer is sentenced to death.
그 살인자가 사형선고 받은 것은 모두 예상한 일이다.

it's all domino with her.
(그녀는) 이제 아주 글렀다.

it's hard to get permission because of all the bureaucracy involved.
관련 부처의 번잡한 절차 때문에 허가를 얻기가 쉽지 않습니다.

it's hard to know if you will succeed.
당신이 성공할지 확신하기가 어려워요.

it's hard to keep up with him because he's a heavy drinker.
그 사람은 술고래라서 보조 맞추기가 힘들어요.

it's hard to distinguish fact from fiction in this novel.
이 소설에서는 사실과 허구를 가리기가 힘들다.

it's time to pick 'em up and lay 'em down.
신나게 춤을 추자.

it's about time you learnt to face (the) facts.
당신은 사실을 받아들이는 법을 배워야겠군요.

it's about time we woke up to the importance of this mineral.
지금은 우리가 이 광물질의 중요성을 깨달아야 할 때이다.

it's about time somebody exploded the global warming myth.
누군가 지구 온난화 라는 허구를 타파할 때이다.

it's going to be a bloody fight.
피비린내 나는 싸움이 되겠군요.

it's hot and spicy , just like you told me.
네 말대로 매워.

it's well done and it's professional , but it's not the argentine tango.
썩 훌륭하고 능숙하긴 해도 , 아르헨티나 탱고는 아니지요.

it's getting late. or the evening deepens.
밤이 이슥해진다.

it's with 1gb of memory and 16 hours of music storage capacity.
메모리 1기가에 음악을 16시간 분량이나 저장할 수 있다니까.

it's been a war of attrition.
그것은 소모전이었다.

it's been in a long-term downtrend since last year.
작년 이래로 장기적인 하강 추세에 있다.

it's been signed by 70 , 000 people , including bill and hillary clinton , although mayor barnard kincaid has so far demurred.
clinton 내외를 포함70 , 000명이(birmingham 서약에) 서명하였으나 , barnard kincaid 시장은 지금까지 망설여왔다.

it's fair to say they are uncommon.
그들은 특이하다고 말하는 것이 맞다.

it's one of the traits that runs in my family.
그건 우리 집안에 내려오는 유전 중 하나지.

it's one thing to tease your sister , but it's another to hit her.
네 여동생을 놀리는 거하고 그 애를 때리는 것은 전혀 달라.

it's as round as a big dish.
큰 접시처럼 둥글다.

it's also bigger than any triceratops found in alberta.
이것은 앨버타에서 발견된 어떤 다른 트리케라톱스보다 더 큽니다.

it's only just that he should claim it.
그가 그것을 요구하는 것은 지극히 당연한 일이다.

it's twenty dollars for twenty days , or twenty-five dollars for thirty days.
20일 동안 내는 건 20달러 , 30일은 25달러예요.

it's part of that important brand image that helps differentiate the kfc product.
이것은 kfc 제품과의 구분을 하기 위한 중요한 브랜드 이미지의 일부이다.

it's easy to get caught up in the social whirl.
계속 이어지는 사교 모임에 휘말리기 쉽다.

it's easy to see how sawfish got its name.
톱상어가 어떻게 그 이름을 얻게 됐는지를 이해하는 것은 쉬워요.

it's easy to assemble and disassemble this product.
이 제품은 조립과 분해가 간편하다.

it's such a shame we just missed the train.
기차를 놓쳐서 유감이군요.

it's bad enough in any circumstance.
어떤상황으로 봐도 불리하다.

it's just a matter of time before we find a trail.
사람들이 지나간 흔적을 찾는건 시간 문제야.

it's just a bit of harmless fun.
그것은 그냥 별 악의 없는 장난이다.

it's just a hairline fracture. that's all.
다리에 금이 조금 갔을 뿐이예요.

it's just a daydream.
그것은 한갓 망상에 지나지 않는다.

it's meant to amuse to raise some awareness , and basically to say " let's not be too uptight about this. ".
흥미를 유발하여 어떤 자각을 불러일으키기 위한 거였죠. 다시 말해 기본적으로 " 그런 일에 대해 너무 고지식하지 말자 " 라는 말을 하고 싶었던 겁니다.

it's meant to amuse to raise some awareness , and basically to say " let's not be too uptight about this. ".
흥미를 유발하여 어떤 자각을 불러일으키기 위한 거였죠. 다시 말해 기본적으로 " 그런 일에 대해 너무 고지식하지 말자 " 라는 말을 하고 싶었.

it's meant to amuse to raise some awareness , and basically to say " let's not be too uptight about this. ".
던 겁니다.

it's fun walking on bare foot.
맨발로 걸을 때 느낌이 좋다.

it's difficult to predict who will win the prize-there are two or three dark horses in the tournament.
누가 상을 탈지 예측하기는 어렵지만 , 그 승자 진출전에서는 다크호스가 두세명 있다.

it's difficult to quantify how many people will be affected by the change in the law.
법이 바뀜으로써 얼마나 많은 사람들이 영향을 받을지 양적으로 계산하기 어렵다.

it's important to nurture a good working relationship.
좋은 업무 관계를 육성하는 것이 중요하다.

it's official : i am being transferred to the denver office.
덴버 지사로 발령이 났어요.

it's really painful when you are bitten by a snake.
뱀에 물리면 많이 아프다.

it's safe to take a mild sedative.
약한 진정제를 먹는 것이 안전하다.

it's written on a sticker on the copier.
복사기에 붙어있는 스티커에 써 있어요.

it's opposed to the common american practice.
그것은 일반적인 미국 관습에 어긋난다.

it's automatic , so is the exposure.
노출도 다 자동이에요.

it's likely that you or someone you love suffers from high blood pressure.
당신 또는 사랑하는 사람이 고혈압으로 고생할 수 있습니다.

it's genuine sapphire from italy.
이태리제 진짜 사파이어예요.

it's dark , delicious , and full of wholesome grains.
그건 어둡고 , 맛있고 , 건강한 곡물들로 가득차 있다.

it's obscene to spend so much on food when millions are starving.
수백만 명의 사람들이 굶주리고 있는데 음식에 그처럼 많은 돈을 쓴다는 것은 가당찮은 짓이다.

it's aloe vera !.
그것은 알로에 베라이다 !.

it's heartbreaking that my girlfriend ran away.
여자친구가 도망가 버려서 가슴이 아픕니다.

it's dreadful the way they treat their staff.
그들이 직원을 대우하는 방식은 지독하다.

it's topsy-turvy for a master to humor his maid.
주인이 하녀의 비위를 맞추는 것은 거꾸로 된 일이다.

it's blistering hot.
찌는 듯이 덥다.

it's shaping up to be compulsive viewing.
그것은 대단히 재미있는 볼거리가 되었다.

it's depressing to know that i am going to be a year older soon.
곧 한 살 더 먹는다고 생각하니까 기분이 우울해요.

it's destiny , i am sorry to say it.
그것이 운명입니다. 유감이군요.

it's classy , inspirational - a real credit to our firm.
세련되고 영감을 주는 것이었어요. 회사에 큰 공을 세웠어요.

it's 7am , far earlier than i would normally deign to rise on holiday.
지금은 7시 , 내가 휴일에 마지못해 일어나는 때보다는 훨씬 이른 시각이다.

it's nonsensical to blame all the world's troubles on the man of loves to hate.
세계의 모든 문제를 비판 대상이 되는 사람 탓으로 돌리는 것은 말도 안 된다.

it's optional. or you have an option on it. or you have a free choice.
그 선택은 자유이다.

it's day-glo pink with strawberry-scented glitter ink !.
딸기향이 나고 반짝거리는 잉크의 데이글로 분홍색 펜이요.

hot , dry indoor air can parch sensitive skin and worsen itching and flaking.
덥고 , 건조한 실내공기는 민감한 피부를 건조하게 하고 간지러움과 부스럼을 심하게 할수 있다.

hot peppers are also called chili peppers or chilies.
고추는 칠리페퍼 또는 칠리라고도 불린다.

hot springs strain through the sandy soil.
온천이 모래 땅에서 뿌글뿌글 스며나온다.

today i am wearing a blouse and a pleated skirt.
오늘 나는 블라우스와 주름치마를 입고 있다.

today is not a lucky day for me.
일진이 좋지 않아.

today is the first anniversary of my brother.
오늘이 동생의 첫돌이다.

today is the third of september.
오늘은 9월 3일이다.

today , i became a real superhero !.
오늘 나는 진짜 초영웅이 된 거야 !.

today , there is a major troop surge in afghanistan.
오늘날 , 다수의 병력이 아프가니스탄에 있습니다.

today , we come up against the great problem of credibility.
오늘날 우리는 엄청난 신뢰성 문제에 직면하고 있습니다.

today , we will be taking a trip to the great sphinx of giza.
오늘 , 우리는 " 기자의 스핑크스 " 로 여행 할 거랍니다.

today , according to a recent poll , that figure has dropped to 6.5 hours.
최근의 한 여론 조사에 따르면 오늘날 수면 시간은 6.5시간으로 줄었다고 한다.

today the prime minister promised to create legislation banning the export of the skin of the rare northern crocodile.
총리는 오늘 희귀종 야생 동물인 북부 악어 가죽의 수출을 법적으로 허용하지 않겠다고 공언했다.

today was a terrible windy day.
오늘은 바람이 몹시 부는 하루였다.

tired.
피곤하다.

tired.
고단하다.

tired.
노곤하다.

well , i do not want to be the one to cast the first stone , but she sang horribly.
글쎄 , 나는 성급하게 판단하기는 싫지만 , 그녀의 노래는 너무 했어.

well , i do not know. i am anxious.
글쎄요 , 난 모르겠어요. 나는 걱정이 되요.

well , i am not sure , but i think i paid too much tax this month.
저 , 잘은 모르겠는데 , 이번 달에 세금을 너무 많이 낸 것 같아서요.

well , i am sugared !.
제기랄 !.

well , i like movies (books) better because they are more exciting and active (imagin-ative).
글쎄 , 나는 영화(책)가 더 좋아. 왜냐하면 그것이 더 흥미롭고 활동적이니까 (상상력이 풍부하니까).

well , i will be buggered ! look who's here.
어이구 , 죽여주는군 ! 이게 누구셔.

well , i will be buggered ! look who's here.
" 이 회의는 다 왜 하는 거야 ?" " 낸들 아나. ".

well , i have burnt the midnight oil.
음 , 나는 밤새워 열심히 일해왔다.

well , i know it's a cliche , but the customer really is king.
음 , 좀 진부하게 들릴지 모르지만 , 고객은 왕이라고 봅니다.

well , i know it's a cliche , but the customer really is king.
최근에 텔레비전 리포터들은 진부함에 사로잡힌 신문 용어를 버리고 표준 영어로 돌아오라는 압력을 많이 받았다.

well , i predict that he will find rome rather less pliable than the labour party.
글쎄 , 난 그가 노동당보다 오히려 로마가 더 유연하다고 알아냈다고 예상하는데.

well , a wedding ceremony in india is a major event for the whole community.
인도에서 결혼 예식은 모든 마을 주민들이 동참하는 주요 행사입니다.

well , in the recent east asian football championship match in chongqing , china , korea's park chu-young and kwak tae-hwi made sure that things stay that way.
자 , 최근 중국 충칭에서 있었던 동아시아 축구 챔피언십 대회에서 , 한국의 박주영과 곽태희 선수는 확실하게 일이 그렇게 머물러 있도록 했습니다.

well , not professionally. i do it as a hobby.
음 , 직업은 아니구요. 그냥 취미삼아 하는 거예요.

well , you are the architect. tell us what to do.
어차피 건축가는 당신이니까. 어떻게 해야 할지 말해주세요.

well , you seem a bit overdressed.
음 , 너무 차려 입은 거 같은데.

well , he's a south korean midfielder who's made a move to manchester united.
자 , 그는 맨체스터 유나이티드 팀으로 이적한 한국의 미드필더입니다.

well , will her carnivore-eschewing beliefs make an impact on the upcoming decision of the u.s. senate ?.
글쎄요 , 그녀의 육식을 회피하는 신념이 미국 의회의 다음 결정에 영향을 주게 될까 ?.

well , it was not a hassle* getting tickets.
음 , 별로 어렵지 않게 표를 구했어.

well , it looks like a toad , but it's the size of a small dog !.
흠 , 두꺼비 같아 보이기는 하는데 작은 강아지 크기인걸요 !.

well , they go with the rug , but i do not think they match the couch.
글쎄 , 양탄자하고는 어울리지만 , 소파하고는 어울리지 않을 것 같은데.

well , there has been a crackdown.
네 , 일제수사가 있었습니다.

well , we can reschedule it for next week.
그럼 다음 주에 하도록 하죠.

well , here is where we convert the starch in the agave into a sugar.
네 , 여기서는 용설란의 녹말 성분을 당분으로 전환시킵니다.

well , thank you very much , steve.
그게 , 고마워 스티브.

well , according to the recent russian-ukrainian theory , petroleum is abiotic ?.
최근의 러시아-우크라이나 이론에 의하면 , 석유는 " 비생물적 " 이라고 합니다 ?.

well , according to the environmental protection agency (epa) dental amalgam is the primary source of exposure.
흠 , 환경 보호국에 따르면 치과용 아말감이 노출의 주요한 원천이라고 합니다.

well , then you know how i feel now. i have a meeting with mr. fisher in an hour and my palms are already perspiring.
그럼 지금 내 기분이 어떤지 알겠군요. 피셔 씨와 한 시간 후에 면담이 있는데 , 벌써부터 손바닥에 진땀이 나요.

well , maybe a few fermented black beans.
음 , 아마 몇개의 발효된 검은콩일거야.

well , maybe we will have sunny weather from now on.
뭐 , 이제부터는 좋은 날씨가 계속될 것 같은데.

well , contrary to the assumptions that underlie the proposition case , parenthood is not a fundamental human right.
자 , 제시된 경우의 아래 놓여 있는 가정과 반대로 , 부모가 되는 것은 근본적인 인권은 아닙니다.

well , susan , welcome aboard. i am sure you will like it here.
음 , 수잔 , 입사를 축하해요. 틀림없이 그 부서 일이 마음에 들 거예요.

well , cannabis is not a narcotic , it's actually classed as a psychedelic.
음 , 대마초는 마약이 아니다 , 실제적으로 환각제로 분류된다.

well , triskaidekaphobia means people are scared of the number 13.
흠 , " 13 공포증 " 은 사람들이 숫자 13을 무서워하는 것을 의미해요.

well , single-sex schools are a throwback to the patriarchal society of the past ; in many historical cultures , only men were allowed an education of any sort.
자 , 한쪽 성만을 위한 학교는 과거의 가부장적 사회로 후퇴하는 것인데 , 가부장적 사회에서는 많은 역사적인 문화에서 , 남자만 어떤 종류의 교육이 허락되었습니다.

well my dear , it seems that you will have to work out your own salvation by yourself.
그대여 , 당신 스스로 자구책을 강구해야 될것 같구려.

well here's a unique opportunity to view the activities of the most common backyard birds.
뒤뜰에서 가장 흔히 볼 수 있는 새들의 생태를 관찰할 수 있는 좋은 기회가 왔습니다.

looking at the picture , he reminisced about how things used to be.
그는 사진을 보며 당시 상황을 회고했다.

looking back , however , yo-yo believes he did not always learn his most valuable lessons at the conservatory.
그러나 , 요요마는 자신의 삶을 돌아볼 때 , 가장 가치있는 것들을 배운 곳이 항상 음악원이었던 건 아니라고 말합니다.

looking back shorty always mention.
회상해 보면 언제나 이렇게 말했어요.

looking dishevelled , he left just after midnight.
부스스한 채로 그는 자정을 막 넘겨 떠났다.

feeling slightly vulnerable , i picked up the speakerphone and asked them what they wanted.
지난 여름 이동통신 업계의 거물 베리존 와이어리스는 대열을 이탈해서 헤드폰 , 이어폰 , 음성작동 다이얼 장치와 휴대폰을 스피커폰으로 바 꾸는 핸즈프리 장치를 의무화하는 법을 지지할 것이라고 알렸다.

doing so will result in both parties losing that day's pay , as well as indefinite suspension or immediate termination.
적발시에는 두 사람 모두 해당일의 급여를 받지 못할 뿐만 아니라 무기한 정직 또는 즉각 해고 조치가 내려질 수도있습니다.

her.
그녀.

her.
그녀의 어머니는 그녀를 안심시켰다..

her.
애인의 목에 매달리다.

her children go to the local comp.
그녀의 아이들은 지역 중등 종합학교에 다닌다.

her parents finally maneuvered her into studying abroad.
그녀의 부모님은 결국 그녀를 외국으로 유학보냈다.

her parents arrived with a pair of snow-white running shoes.
그녀의 부모가 눈처럼 새하얀 운동화를 가지고 도착했다.

her works are filled with too many fascinating but unsubstantial stories.
그녀의 작품들은 매우 흥미롭지만 비현실적인 이야기들로 가득차 있었다.

her mind was urgent , so she went along pass people.
그녀는 마음이 급해서 사람들을 제치고 앞으로 나아갔다.

her room is always messy with magazines and clothes everywhere.
그녀의 방은 도처에 잡지와 옷가지가 흩어져 항상 어질러져 있다.

her room is spotless.
그녀의 방은 먼지 한 점 없이 깨끗하다.

her car collided with john's last night.
그녀의 차는 어젯밤에 존의 차와 충돌했다.

her friends agree that fur is fine , she said , so long as it is not showy or dated.
그녀의 말에 따르면 너무 화려하거나 구식 스타일만 아니라면 친구들 역시 모피 옷을 좋아한다고 한다.

her friends greeted the news of her marriage with cheerful badinage.
그녀의 친구들은 그녀의 결혼 소식을 친근한 농담으로 축하했다.

her language was not very ladylike.
그녀의 말은 별로 여자답지 못했다.

her baby was stillborn.
그녀는 아이를 사산했다.

her dream was to become a professional surfer.
그녀의 꿈은 프로 서퍼가 되는 것이었습니다.

her love is basic to his happiness.
그녀의 사랑은 그의 행복의 바탕이다.

her long black hair is her crowning glory.
그녀의 긴 검은 머리는 그녀의 가장 큰 자랑거리이다.

her business has prospered because of her enterprise.
그녀의 진취성 덕분에 사업이 번창하고 있다.

her tongue clove to the roof of her mouth.
그녀의 혀가 입천장에 들러붙어 있었다.

her hands caress her son's shoulders.
그녀는 아들의 어깨를 어루만져 주었다.

her first victory is in overcoming her tormentors.
그녀의 첫번째 승리는 그녀를 괴롭히는 사람들을 극복한 것이였다.

her first defeat was an early lesson in humility.
그녀의 첫 패배는 일찍이 주어진 겸손에 관한 교훈이었다.

her death is wrapped in mystery.
그녀의 죽음은 신비에 싸여 있다.

her death was a heartbreak to us.
그녀의 죽음은 우리에게는 큰 슬픔이었다.

her heavy makeup detracts from her good looks.
짙은 화장 때문에 그녀의 미모가 바랜다.

her energy and youthful good looks belie her 65 years.
그녀의 정력과 젊음이 넘치는 미모는 65세라는 나이를 착각하게 만든다.

her teacher says that peggy seems very unhappy and antisocial.
페기의 선생님은 그녀가 몹시 불만에 차있고 비사교적인 것 같다고 말한다.

her teacher calls her a dreamy child.
선생님은 그 여자아이를 훌륭한 아이라고 한다.

her father was a wall street securities analyst and her mother a pre-school teacher.
그녀의 아버지는 월가의 증권 분석가였고 그녀의 어머니는 유치원 교사셨다.

her hair was still dripping wet.
그녀의 머리는 아직 젖은 채 물이 뚝뚝 떨어졌다.

her hair was cut short at the nape of her neck.
그녀의 머리는 목 뒷부분이 짧게 잘려 있었다.

her voice still sounds a bit husky.
그녀의 목소리는 아직 조금 쉬게 들린다.

her breath came in unnatural puffs.
그녀의 호흡은 비정상적으로 거칠었다.

her speech was deliberately ambiguous to avoid offending either side.
그녀의 연설은 어느 쪽도 자극하지 않으려고 , 의도적으로 애매했다.

her difficult childhood spurred her on to succeed.
그녀의 힘들었던 어린 시절이 그녀를 성공으로 이끈 원동력이었다.

her young brother stevie (desmond tester) lives with them and runs errands.
그녀의 남동생 스티브(데스몬드 테스터)는 그들과 함께 살고 그들의 심부름을 한다.

her clothes were made of the finest silk.
그녀의 옷은 아주 고운 견으로 만들어졌다.

her eyes were brimming with tears.
그녀의 눈에 눈물이 그렁그렁했다.

her eyes fell on the teacup on the table.
그녀의 시선이 탁자 위 찻잔에 머물렀다.

her eyes rolled up in a blend of comic disgust , resignation and tolerance.
그녀의 두 눈망울은 혐오 , 체념 , 관용이 익살스럽게 혼합된 표정 속에서 떼굴떼굴 굴렀다.

her blood sallied out from the wound.
그녀의 상처에서 피가 뿜어나왔다.

her latest novel was dissected by the critics.
그녀의 최신 소설은 평론가들에게 해부당했다.

her career was dogged by misfortune.
그녀의 경력에는 불운이 따라다녔다.

her mother was born in baghdad under the ottoman empire.
그녀의 어머니는 오스만 제국 치하에 있었던 바그다드에서 태어났다.

her mother taught her wisely , berry told the new york times.
그녀는 뉴욕 타임즈와의 인터뷰에서 자신의 어머니는 자신을 현명하게 가르쳤다고 말했다.

her name is olga kaminsky.
그녀의 이름은 올가 카민스키 입니다.

her face turns red as a beet when she drinks alcohol.
그녀는 술을 마시면 얼굴이 새빨개진다.

her face dimples with a smile.
그 여자는 웃으면 보조개가 생긴다.

her face emanates a curious mystique.
그녀의 얼굴에서는 묘한 신비감이 느껴진다.

her son died serving his country for what he believed was a legitimate cause.
그녀의 아들은 나라에 그가 정당한 대의명분이라고 생각한 일을 위해 일하다 죽었다.

her sister is extrovert and fun-loving , while she is ascetic and strict.
그녀가 금욕적이고 엄격한 반면 , 그녀의 언니는 외향적이고 장난기가 있다.

her success is a dead cert.
그녀의 성공은 절대 확실한 일이다.

her memory is enshrined in his heart.
그녀에 대한 추억이 그의 가슴 속에 남아 있다.

her memory was tinged with sorrow.
그녀의 추억은 슬픔을 띤 것이었다.

her answer to my question was affirmative.
나의 질문에 대한 그녀의 대답은 매우 긍정적이었다.

her decision to cancel the concert is bound to disappoint her fans.
그녀의 그 콘서트 취소 결정은 틀림없이 팬들에게 실망을 안겨 줄 것이다.

her husband has given her carte blanche to redecorate the living room.
그녀의 남편은 그녀에게 마음대로 거실을 다시 꾸밀 수 있도록 허용했다.

her patience and tact are legendary.
그녀의 인내심과 재치는 아주 유명하다.

her brain was befogged by lack of sleep.
그녀는 잠을 못 자서 머리가 몽롱했다.

her smart , quite expensive shoes and her discreet leather handbag.
그녀의 맵시 있고 꽤 비싼 구두와 수수한 가죽 핸드백.

her yelling drives me around the bend.
그녀의 비명은 나를 미치게 한다.

her intelligence is born and bred.
그녀의 영리함은 타고났다.

her palate was swollen , and it was hard for her to breathe.
입천장이 부어 그녀는 숨쉬기도 어려웠다.

her bathing suit attracts our attention.
그녀의 수영복은 눈에 잘 띈다.

her refusal to answer was tantamount to an admission to guilt.
그녀가 대답을 거부한 것은 유죄를 인정한 것이나 마찬가지였다.

her acting added warmth and colour to the production.
그녀의 연기가 그 작품에 온기와 생기를 더해 주었다.

her perfume is smelling up the whole office.
온 사무실에 그 여자 향수냄새다.

her mom has quite a temper.
그 어머니는 성질이 보통이 아니야.

her enemies were scheming her downfall.
그녀의 적들이 그녀의 실각을 획책하고 있었다.

her sincerity finally changed his mind.
그녀의 진실함이 마침내 그의 마음을 움직였다.

her resignation was a kick in the guts to me.
그의 사임은 나에게 심한 타격이었다.

her conversation was laced with witty asides.
그녀의 대화에는 재치 있는 여담들이 가미되었다.

her hypocrisy was clear when she talked about loving old people.
그녀의 위선은 노인공경에 대해 말할 때 분명해졌다.

her shoulders were badly sunburned.
그녀의 어깨는 햇볕에 아주 심하게 타 있었다.

her graceful carriage was so adorable.
그녀의 우아한 몸가짐은 너무나 사랑스러웠다.

her ballet recital is saturday , do not forget.
그녀의 발레발표회는 토요일이 었고 , 잊지못했다.

her vague fear crystallized into a reality.
그녀의 막연한 두려움이 현실이 되었다.

her throat constricted and she swallowed hard.
그녀는 목이 조이는 듯 하고 침을 삼키기가 힘들었다.

her son's phone call eased her worry.
아들의 전화로 그녀의 걱정은 덜해졌다.

her exploits as a safari guide are legendary.
사파리 안내자로서 그녀가 세운 공은 정말 대단하다.

her notebook is covered with doodles.
그녀의 공책은 낙서투성이다.

her sophistication is evident from the way she dresses.
그녀의 세련됨은 옷을 입는 방식에서 뚜렷이 드러난다.

her hatred of religion is equalled only by her loathing for politicians.
종교에 대한 그녀의 증오는 정치인들에 대한 그녀의 혐오감만이 맞먹을 수 있을 정도이다.

her mideast tour to promote goodwill.
미국의 로라 부시 대통령 부인은 일요일 자신이 방문한 예루살렘의 성지 두 곳에서 있었던 유대인과 회교도들의 시위가 친선을 도모하기 위 한 자신의 중동 순방을 훼손하지 않았다고 말했습니다.

her contrite tears did not influence the judge when he imposed a sentence.
그녀가 흘린 회개의 눈물은 형을 내리는 판사에게 어떤 영향도 주지못했다.

her succinct letter was one page long and stayed on one topic.
그녀는 편지 한 장에 하나의 주제에 대해 간략히 기술했다.

her writings have extraordinary depth and solidity.
그녀의 글은 특별한 깊이와 충실도를 지니고 있다.

her obsession is to become the first ever woman chess grandmaster.
그녀를 사로잡고 있는 생각은 여성 최초로 서양장기의 최고수가 되는 것이다.

her deft command of the language.
그녀의 능숙한 언어 구사력.

her half-year , long-distance relationship with 25-year-old mtv vj carson daly who live in new york may be tough.
뉴욕에서 mtv 비디오 자키로 일하는 25살의 카슨 데일리와 6개월째 멀리 떨어져 지내는 것이 힘들 수도 있다.

her waist-length hair was swaying back and forth.
허리까지 내려오는 그녀의 긴 머리카락이 앞뒤로 물결쳤다.

her protestation of innocence had a hollow ring to it.
그녀의 무죄 항변은 공허하게 들렸다.

car club members were parading down the street.
자동차 클럽 회원들이 행진을 하면서 거리를 따라 내려갔다.

please do not disturb georgina -- she's trying to do her homework.
조지나를 방해하지 말아주세요.

please do not leave your luggage unattended.
아무도 지키는 사람없이 짐을 방치해 두지 마시오.

please do not try to control me.
나를 구속하려 하지 마세요.

please do not put onions in my soup.
내 수프에는 양파를 넣지 마세요.

please do not bring me to a head.
제발 나를 위험에 빠트리지 말아요.

please do not bow and scrape. we are all equal here.
제발 그렇게 굽실거리지 마세요. 우리는 여기서 모두 평등합니다.

please do not apologize. it was my dope off.
사과하실 필요 없습니다. 제 실수입니다.

please , bring me a martini.
마티니로 한 잔 주세요.

please go to the main desk in the front lobby.
앞 로비에 있는 프런트로 가세요.

please come forward and greet the buyer from france.
앞으로 나오셔서 바이어와 인사하세요.

please be sure to behave yourself to(ward) seniors.
어른 앞에서는 예의를 지키세요.

please be careful not to tread on my foot.
내 발을 밟지 않도록 주의해 주시오.

please make copies of these for the overhead projector.
ohp용으로 복사해 주세요.

please act your age and do not act like a baby.
나이에 걸맞게 행동하고 버릇 없이 굴지 말길 바란다.

please tell me if you think this is totally wacko.
이게 완젼 미친짓이면 내게 말해줘요.

please give a more in-depth clarification.
좀 더 자세히 설명해 주세요.

please show me your cashmere sweaters in size extra large.
캐쉬미어 스웨터 특대 사이즈로 하나 보여 주세요.

please let me know if this is a problem or if you prefer to reschedule for later in the week.
혹시 문제가 되거나 , 이번 주 말로 일정을 다시 잡기를 원하신다면 알려 주세요.

please take a look. do not feel pressured.
부담 갖지 말고 보세요.

please take the elevator to tenth floor , and ask someone.
엘리베이터를 타고 10층으로 올라가셔서 물어 보세요.

please call me if you have a(n) vacancy.
빈자리가 생기면 연락 주십시오.

please keep a safe distance between yourself and the artwork , to avoid accidentally bumping into it.
우연히 작품과 부딪치지 않도록 작품에서 안전 거리를 유지해 주십시오.

please keep quiet about taking a new job. it's not definite yet.
새 일자리에 대해 아무 말 하지 마세요. 아직 결정되지 않았어요.

please ask if the bath is ready.
목욕물이 준비됐는지 알아봐 주시오.

please put your things up on the checkout counter.
물건들을 계산대에 올려 놓으세요.

please put your suitcases one by one on the scale.
가방을 하나씩 저울에 올려 놓으시죠.

please bring the temporary identification badge you were issued when you were first hired.
채용 당시 발급받으신 임시 직원 뱃지를 가져오시기 바랍니다.

please bring him forward so that we can have a closer look.
자세히 좀 보게 그를 앞으로 데려와 봐.

please file a bug using the bug reporting page.
버그 보고 페이지를 사용하여 버그를 보고해 주십시오.

please forgive this poor woman. she was only off her crust.
제발 이 불쌍한 여자를 용서해줘. 그녀는 단순히 정신이 나갔던거야.

please certify your copy from your college.
출신 대학에서 서류 복사본의 증명을 받아 오세요.

please pick up some lemons on your way home.
집에 오는 길에 레몬을 좀 사오세요.

please send me a fax of your latest offer a.s.a.p.
가능한 한 빨리 최근의 매매 제의를 팩스로 보내주십시오.

please pull up in front of the subway station.
지하철 역 앞에 세워 주세요.

please explain the difference between an acute and a straight angle.
예각과 평각의 차이를 설명하시기 바랍니다.

please resume the thread of the story you were telling me the other day.
지난 번에 말해주던 이야기를 계속해 주렴.

please solder the cracked spot of this iron pot. or please mend this iron pot.
이 쇠주전자의 금 간 데를 땜질해 주시오.

please swing by the deli to get some food for me.
식품 잡화접에 들려서 내대신 먹을거리 좀 사다줘요.

please specify a valid folder for the custom hardware tutorial files.
사용자 지정 하드웨어 자습서 파일에 유효한 폴더를 지정하십시오.

please specify a valid folder for the custom ime tutorial files.
사용자 지정 ime 자습서 파일이 있는 올바른 폴더를 지정하십시오.

please don' t protract the suspense -- tell me if i passed or not.
제발 불안상태를 연장하지 말아주세요. 제가 합격했는지 낙방했는지 지금 알려주세요.

please plug your ears , because i have a poor voice.
귀 막으세요. 제 목소리가 안 좋으니까요.

please quote us your lowest prices for the following goods.
다음 물품에 대한 귀사의 최저 가격을 견적해 주십시오.

please spell that word for me.
그 단어의 철자를 불러 주세요.

please retain this receipt for your records.
이 영수증을 증거물로 보관하십시오.

please sweep up the sand on the floor.
바닥의 모래 좀 쓸어 담으렴.

make the yuletide gay.
크리스마스 시즌을 즐겁게 보내요.

make sure the washroom and kitchen sink are especially clean !.
특히 화장실과 부엌이 깨끗해야 합니다 !.

make lydia see reason , will you ?.
리디아에게 분별 있게 행동하도록 해 줘 , 응 ?.

noise.
소음.

noise.
소리.

noise prevention agency (npa) , 87 percent of american city dwellers are exposed to noise pollution at levels with the potential to degrade hearing ability over time.
미국소음방지국(npa)에 따르면 도시에 거주하는 미국인 가운데 87%가 잠재적으로 청력을 점차 저하 시킬 수 있는 수준의 소음에 노출되어 있다고 한다.

where's the on button for this copier ?.
이 복사터의 " on " 스위치가 어디 있죠 ?.

she's a very strict disciplinarian.
그녀는 대단히 엄격한 규율주의자이다.

she's a young adult taking responsibilty for contraception.
그 여자아이는 스스로의 피임을 책임질 정도로 다큰 어른이다.

she's not really crying. she's only acting.
그녀는 정말 울고 있는 것이 아니라 연극을 하고 있을 뿐이다.

she's so meticulous that she's very good at finding typos in documents.
그녀는 꼼꼼해서 문서의 오자를 잘 찾아낸다.

she's very congenial , always smiling and saying nice things.
그 여자는 아주 상냥해서 항상 웃으면서 친절하게 이야기한다.

she's very adept at making people feel at their ease.
그녀는 사람들을 편안하게 해주는 능력이 뛰어나다.

she's on holiday.
그녀는 휴가중 입니다.

she's been blowing hot and cold about our honeymoon trip i planned.
나의 신혼 여행계획에 대해서 변덕이 죽 끓듯 하고 있다.

she's only five ? she has not learnt to tell the time yet.
그 애는 겨우 다섯 살이에요. 아직 시계 보는 걸 안 배웠어요.

she's part hippie , always looser than tighter.
그녀는 히피족의 냄새를 풍기며 항상 빈틈없어 보이기보다는 좀 흐트러진 모습을 보인다.

she's pulled a hamstring.
그녀는 오금줄이 늘어졌다.

she's such a out-going person so she has a wide circle of acquaintance.
그녀는 정말 외향적이어서 아는 사람이 많다.

she's really against this hot dog vending stuff.
그녀는 길거리서 핫도그 장사하는 걸 아주 싫어해.

she's really warm and very motherly.
그녀는 정말로 마음이 따뜻하고 매우 자애롭다.

she's brought neptune onto the world stage.
그녀 덕택에 넵튠이 전세계에 알려졌습니다.

she's bought a house and muses about settling down and having children.
그녀는 집을 장만했고 정착해서 아이를 가지는 것에 대해 깊이 생각해본다.

she's preparing to write matric.
그녀는 종합 과제물을 준비하고 있다.

she's fairly tall with curly brown hair.
그녀는 갈색 곱슬머리에 키가 상당히 커요.

she's honest , loving , and caring , and she respects her father and mother.
풀라는 정직하고 다정하고 , 남을 배려할 줄 알며 아버지 , 어머니를 공경하죠.

she's memorizing a word list aloud.
걔는 단어장을 소리내어 외우고 있어.

she's screwed up about tomorrow's blind date.
그 앤 내일 미팅 때문에 안절부절 못하고 있어.

she's knitting the baby a shawl.
그녀는 아기에게 줄 숄을 짜고 있다.

she's letting her talents go to waste because she has not been able to seize an opportunity.
그녀는 기회를 잡지 못해 아까운 재능을 썩히고 있다.

she's marvelous. warm and witty and down to earth.
그녀는 너무 멋져요. 따뜻하고 , 재치 있고 , 실제적이예요.

out of the frying pan into the fire.
갈수록 태산.

out of disk space printing report. remove unneccesary files and retry.
디스크 공간이 부족하여 보고서를 인쇄할 수 없습니다. 필요하지 않은 파일을 제거하고 다시 해보십시오.

any business that has employees must open federal , state , and local wage withholding and payroll tax accounts.
직원을 거느리고 있는 모든 기업체들은 연방 , 주 , 지방의 임금 원천 징수세 및 지급 급여세 계좌들을 개설해야 한다.

any form of cheating means automatic disqualification.
어떤 형태든 부정행위는 자동 실격을 의미한다.

any past patterns of its predation should be held against it before local subsidies and ordinances are given to subsidize it.
또 기업을 지원하기 위해 지방자치단체의 보조금과 규정을 마련하기 앞서 기업이 과거에 탐욕스러운 행위를 한 일이 있으면 그에 대한 책임 을 물어야 한다.

any change of domicile should be notified to the proper authorities.
주소가 바뀐다면 해당 당국에 알려야 한다.

any public disclosure of this information would be very damaging to the company.
이 정보가 대중에게 공개된다면 그 회사에게 매우 큰 손해가 될 것이다.

more work is needed in immunology , virology and endocrinology , among other areas.
여러 분야들중에서도 면역학 , 바이러스학 및 내분비학에 있어서 더 많은 노력이 요구된다.

more and more people are telecommuting (working from home).
점점 더 많은 사람들이 재택근무를 하고 있다.

more women are drinking than in the past , and more are binge drinking.
과거 보다 더 많은 여성이 음주를 하고 , 더 폭음을 한다.

more men than women are diagnosed with compulsive sexual behavior.
여성보다도 남성들이 강박적인 성적 행동 이라는 진단을 받는다.

more words , more sentences could provide details , swelling into an unwieldy yet still incomplete paragraph.
말과 문장을 덧붙일 수록 좀더 자세히 설명할 수 있겠지만 , 그러다보면 주체할 수 없을 정도로 장황해지면서도 완전한 설명은 되지 않는다.

more than a year.
제이콥 씨의 자격 요건은 전반적으로 흠잡을 데가 없지만 이력서에 중간 중간 기재하지 않은 1년 남짓한 공백 기간이 마음에 걸린다.

more than all , your sincerity was complimented.
무엇보다도 네 신실함이 칭찬받았다.

more than any other player , seo is fully qualified to take part in the all-star game on behalf of our team , said the mets coach art howe on june 30.
" 다른 선수들보다 서선수는 우리 팀을 대표하여 올스타 경기에 참가할 충분한 자격이 됩니다 ," 라고 메츠의 아트 호위 감독이 지난 6월 30일 말했다.

more than one object matched the name " %1 " . select one or more names from this list , or , reenter the name.
두 개 이상의 개체가 " %1 " 이름과 일치합니다. 목록에서 하나 이상의 이름을 선택하거나 이름을 다시 입력하십시오.

more than fifty different ethnic groups livein vietnam , nine in the sa pa region , including the hmong , the largest minority group in northern vietnam.
베트남에는 각기 다른 50개 이상의 인종 집단이 있는데 , 그 중 북부 베트남에서 가장 큰 소수 민족인 흐몽족을 포함한 아홉 부족이 사파 지역 에 살고 있습니다.

more than 1 , 500 students at 22 schools fell ill after eating school lunches provided by the nation's biggest food supplier , cj food system.
22개 학교에서 1500명이 넘는 학생들이 국내에서 가장 큰 식자재 제공업체인 cj식품에 의해서 제공된 음식을 먹고 병이 났습니다.

more than 1 billion people get electricity from hydropower plants.
10억이 넘는 인구들이 수력 발전소에서 생산되는 전기를 쓰고 있다.

more than seven thousand sea otters were killed also.
7000마리 이상의 해달이 또한 죽임을 당했다.

more than 3 million private sector jobs lost since president bush took office , the largest sustained loss of jobs since the great depression.
부시 대통령이 집권한 이래 민간부문에서 300만 명이 넘는 실직자가 발생했으며 , 경제 대공황 이래로 실업이 가장 극심하게 지속되었다는 것입니다.

more than 400 rioters were arrested after a violent backlash.
과격한 시위(저항) 직후 400명이 넘는 폭도가 검거되었다.

more than 40 university students have signed up to be smile volunteers to beam their pearly whites at strangers , after a survey showed that only 2 percent of chinese smile at people they do not know.
한 조사에서 중국인의 2퍼센트만이 자신들이 알지 못하는 사람들에게 미소 짓는다는 사실이 밝혀진 후 40명이 넘는 대학생들이 웃음 자원봉 사자에 가입해 낯선 사람들에게 진주 같은 밝은 미소를 지었다.

more americans have diabetes than ever before.
전보다 많은 미국인들이 당뇨병에 걸린다.

more importantly , it has hoodwinked the ministry of defence.
더욱이 중요한 것은 국방부를 속여왔다는 것이다.

party workers are busy canvassing local residents.
당원들이 지역 주민들에게 유세를 다니느라 바쁘다.

reading and listening sections were multiple choice and sent out to be scored.
읽기와 듣기 영역은 객관식으로 외부로 보내져서 채점되었다.

reading involves a complex form of mental activity.
독서는 복잡한 정신 활동을 포함한다.

reading kant is a compulsory for anyone who wants to pursue philosophy as a college major.
칸트를 읽는 것은 대학 전공으로 철학을 하고 싶은 학생 모두에게 필수 과정이다.

an a to z of needlework.
뜨개질 편람.

an interesting collage of 1960s songs.
1960년대 노래들의 흥미로운 모음집.

an study on the relationship between spatial discourse of the deleuze and the flexible manufacture system.
들뢰즈 공간담론과 유연적 생산구조의 관계성에 관한 연구.

an office is a place of deadlines , cancellations , last-minute tasks and ringing phones.
사무실이란 마감 시간 , 취소 , 막바지 업무 , 전화벨 소리 등이 어우러진 장소입니다.

an area of permanent / rough / rich pasture.
영구적인/거친/비옥한 초원이 펼쳐진 곳.

an old house with crumbling plaster and a leaking roof.
회반죽이 부서져 내리고 지붕이 새는 낡은 집.

an old college buddy of mine.
나의 옛날 대학 동창.

an early morning gas explosion in downtown baltimore sent two men to the hospital with severe burns and other injuries.
오늘 새벽 볼티모어 시내에서 가스가 폭발해 남자 두 명이 심한 화상과 그 외 다른 부상을 입고 병원으로 실려 갔습니다.

an evaluation methods of thermal performance for an expanded balcony space in multi-residential house.
공동주택 발코니 확장형 창호의 열적 성능 평가 방법.

an as yet unpublished report.
아직 출간되지 않은 보고서.

an influence of design parameters on the control characteristics of the thermostatic valves using shape memory alloy.
설계변수가 형상기억합금 이용 자동온도조절기의 제어특성에 미치는 영향.

an international consortium of scientists sequenced the human genome.
한 국제 과학자 컨소시엄이 인간 게놈을 정리했습니다.

an earthquake that kills people is a calamity.
사람들을 죽음으로 모는 지진은 큰 재앙이다.

an organization of seven leading child advocacy groups says more than two million children are suffering from the virus that causes aids.
전세계적으로 2백 여만 명의 어린이들이 에이즈 바이러스 , h-i-v 감염돼 있다고 국제민간기구들이 밝혔습니다.

an exhibition of sci-fi movie props and costumes , including favorites like darth vader , daleks , robocop , yoda , terminator , alien and many more , will be on display.
darth vader , daleks , robocop , yoda , terminator , alien 그리고 많은 다른 것들을 포함한 공상과학 영화의 소도구와 의상 전시가 전시될 것 입니다.

an analysis of the modernity in kim , jung-up's architecture based on correlation between material and form.
재료와 형태의 상관관계에서 보이는 김중업 건축의 근대성에 관한 연구.

an analysis of vertical coordination in agri-business.
농산업 수직통합의 유형별 비교분석.

an analysis of vertical coordination in agri-business.
농산업 부문의 수직적 연계 유형과 개선 방안 : 한국의 사례를 중심으로.

an analysis of flow characteristics around hydraulic structure in curved channel junction.
도시 소유역 강우 처리법 조사 연구 : 만곡하천합류부의 수공구조물 설치시 흐름특성 조사연구.

an analysis of assessment criteria from certified green office buildings.
업무용 친환경건축물 인증사례를 통한 평가 항목에 대한 분석.

an analysis of determinants of stock prices of cr reits in korea.
cr reits 주식가격 결정요인에 관한 연구.

an analysis of user's behavior and improvement needs in outdoor space of apartment complex for differentiation through market segmentation.
아파트 단지 차별화를 위한 세분시장별 옥외공간 이용행태 및 개선요구 내용의 분석.

an analysis of refrigerant flow through short tube orifices.
오리피스 팽창장치를 통한 냉매유동의 해석.

an analysis of linkage structure in korean agribusiness sector.
농업 중심의 산업연과구조 변화 분석.

an analysis of profitability influencing factors for pension business.
펜션사업의 수익성에 관한 영향요인 분석.

an analysis of purifying efficiency of the septic tank viewed from its time of cleansing and length of time of installation.
청소시기와 설치년한에 따른 정화조의 효율분석.

an analysis on the effects of outward direct investment (written in korean).
해외직접투자의 효과에 관한 고찰.

an analysis on reducing effect of fire risk at the early fire scenario stage.
지하공간 초기 소화단계의 화재리스크 저감효과 분석.

an analysis study on the deformation equation of the reinforced concrete circular section cloumn under uni-axial bending moment and axial force.
1축휨과 축력을 받는 철근콘크리트 원형단면주의 변형 추정에 관한 해석적연구.

an architectural framework for support of quality of service (qos) in packet networks.
패킷망에서 서비스 품질 보장을 위한 기반 구조.

an experimental study of the structural behavior on the precast concrete beam-column interior joint with splice type reinforcing bars.
철근 이음형 프리캐스트 콘크리트 보-기둥 내부 접합부의 구조적 거동에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study of deflection characteristic of preflex composite beam and approach method using finite element analysis.
프리플렉스 합성형교의 처짐 특성 및 유한 요소해석 접근방법에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study of condensation heat transfer in sub-millimeter single round tubes.
소구경 원관 내에서 응축열전달의 실험적 연구.

an experimental study about tile exfoliation properties and member strain using the tile before-fixing method.
타일 선붙임 부재의 변형율과 타일 박락 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the effect of cement and admixture on pore structure of high flowing mortar.
고유동 모르터의 기포조직에 미치는 시멘트 및 혼화재료의 영향에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the performance of hybrid ventilation system in apartment houses.
공동주택의 창문일체형 하이브리드 환기시스템의 성능실험에 관한 연구.

an experimental study on the behavior of high-strength concrete using admixture under high temperature.
혼화제를 사용한 고강도 콘크리트의 열적성상에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the strength of the connections of h-shaped beam to rhs column reinforced with inner diaphragm.
내부다이아프램 보강 각형강관기둥.형보 접합부의 내력에 관한 실험.

an experimental study on the development of segregation-reducing flowing concrete.
분리저감형 유동화 콘크리트의 개발에 관한 실험연구.

an experimental study on the shear behavior of reinforced steel fibrous high strength lightweight concrete beams without stirrups.
전잔보강이 없는 강섬유보강 경량고강도콘크리트보의 전단거동에 관한 실험적연구.

an experimental study on the shear strength of horizontal joints for hybrid panel.
복합스터드 판넬 수평접합부의 전단성능 실험 연구.

an experimental study on the buckling strength of following curvature type for eccentrically compressed stainless steel circular hollow columns.
편심 압축력을 받는 스테인리스 원형강관 기둥의 곡률형상에 따른 좌굴내력에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the construction standard for sealer of injection type for leakage maintenance.
누수보수용 주입형 실링재의 시공 기준에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the heat and mass transfer of adsorption chiller.
흡착식 냉동기의 열 및 물질전달에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the sound reduction index according to aperture conditions.
틈새조건에 따른 음향감쇠계수 변화에 관한 실험연구.

an experimental study on the changes of air flow and cleanliness in the vertical laminar flow type clean room.
수직층 유형 클린 룸(clean room) 에서 기류와 청정도 변화에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the thermal performance of air filled thermal diode.
공기를 작동 유체로 하는 열다이오드의 열성능에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the properties of deteriorated concrete according to the field applicant of alkali recovery.
알칼리회복제의 현장 적용에 따른 노후화된 콘크리트 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the properties of drying shrinkage for alkali-activated slag mortar.
알칼리 자극제를 혼입한 고로슬래그 모르타르의 건조수축 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the block shear rupture of web for h-beam tension members.
인장력을 받는 h형강 웨브의 블록전단 파단에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the block shear rupture of flange for h-beam tension members.
인장력을 받는 h형강 플랜지의 블록전단 파단에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the attenuation characteristics of impact noise between rooms in apartment house.
공동주택 바닥 충격음의 인접공간 감쇠특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the inelastic behavior of 2-story 2-bay steel moment-resisting frame by pushover test.
일방향 가력에 의한 2층 2경간 철골 모멘트 저항골조의 비탄성 거동에 관한 실험연구.

an experimental study on the manufacturing of high workable concrete using blastfurnace cement.
고로시멘트를 사용한 고유동 콘크리트의 제조에 환한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the manufacturing system and the influence of development factors on compressive strength of ul.
초고강도콘크리트의 제조시스템 및 압축강도 발현요인영향에 관한 실험적 (제1보)연구.

an experimental study on the removal characteristics of indoor air pollutants using an air cleaning system.
실내 공기정화 시스템에 의한 실내 오염입자의 제거특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the usefulness of the mudstone micro powders for the admixtures of concrete.
니암미분말의 콘크리트용 혼화재료로서의 유용성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the circular voided plate stiffnesses.
원형유공박판의 휨강성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the hysteretic behavior of braces.
brace재의 이력거동에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the hysteretic characteristics of braces.
brace 의 이력특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the drying shrinkage and creep of recycled aggregate concrete.
재생골재 콘크리트의 건조수축 및 크리프에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the lap splice performance of headed steel reinforcements with confinement details.
헤드 철근의 구속상세에 따른 겹침이음성능에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on the behaviours of hollow cft column subjected to axial load.
중공 콘크리트충전 각형강관 기둥의 거동에 관한 연구 (i. 중심 압축실험).

an experimental study on performance of heat pump clothes dryer.
히트펌프 의류 건조기의 성능에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on structural performance of lap splicebetween deformed bar and steel rod in slab-slab joint.
슬래브 접합부 내의 철근 철선 이음의 구조성능에 대한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on indoor radon concentration due to substructure change of building.
건물의 지하구조변경에 따른 지상층의 실내 라돈농도에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on fatigue behavior of torque shear type high tension bolted joints.
torque shear 형 고장력 볼트 이음부의 피로거동에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on unified return method in house ventilation duct system.
덕트형 주택환기시스템에서 통합배기 방식의 적용에 대한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on properties of tile cement.
타일 시멘트의 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on properties matter of recycle aggregate concrete used electrical crusher system in underwater.
전기충격식 수중파쇄 시스템을 이용한 재생골재 콘크리트의 물성에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on packing ability and strength by various kinds of inverted placement methods and concretes.
역타설 방법과 콘크리트 종류에 따른 충전성 및 강도에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on splice length in one-way slabs reinforced with loop mesh.
루프메쉬 일방향 슬래브에서의 이음길이에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on vapor-liquid equilibria of hfc and hc refrigerant mixtures.
탄화수소 및 불화탄화수소 혼합냉매의 기상-액상 평형에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental study on spalling causes of high strength concrete.
고강도 콘크리트의 폭렬발생 원인조사에 관한 실험적 연구.

an experimental investigation on thermal properties of clathrate compounds for heat storage applications - a study on subcooling characteristics.
축열용 포접화합물의 열물성에 관한 실험 연구.

an awkwardly shaped room.
볼품없게 생긴 방.

an alternative to eyeglasses is contact lenses.
안경에 대한 대안은 콘택트렌즈이다.

an alternative way would be to travel by railroad.
대안으로는 기차로 여행하는 것이 될 것이다.

an official chinese publication has called for vigilance against foreign reporters , saying that the incident of serious espionage by journalists was rising.
중국의 한 정부 간행물은 언론인에 의한 심각한 간첩 사건이 증가하고 있다고 말하면서 외국 기자들에 대한 경계를 촉구했다.

an experienced heart surgeon performed the operation.
심장외과 전문의가 수술을 집도했다.

an aide avowed that the president had known nothing of the deals.
대통령은 그 거래에 대해 아무것도 몰랐었다고 한 측근이 공언했다.

an innocent bystander gets hurt in a fight.
고래 싸움에 새우등 터진다.

an establishment of performance level threshold and a seismic design example of steel moment-resisting frames using energy approach.
에너지를 이용한 강구조의 단계별 성능한계설정 및 내진설계의 예제.

an example of a precusor is l-dopa in the synthesis of dopamine from tyrosine.
전구체의 예로는 티로신에서 도파민을 합성할 때의 l-dopa와 같은 것이다.

an extraordinary personality cult had been created around the leader.
그 지도자를 둘러싸고 터무니없는 인물 숭배 의식이 형성되어 있었다.

an asian magistrate said i was an imposter and a liar.
아시아계 치안 판사는 내가 사기꾼이면서 거짓말쟁이라고 말했다.

an average of 63 percent of those questioned said the workweek should be limited to a maximum of 48 hours.
질문을 받은 사람 중에서 평균 63%는 주간 노동 시간이 최고 48시간으로 제한되어야 한다고 말했다.

an increase in the number of working wives.
일하는 아내들의 수 증가.

an endless debate surrounds the issue of whether to continue or stop capital punishment.
사형 제도의 존폐를 둘러싸고 논란이 끊이지 않고 있다.

an eye for an eye means to give a roland for an oliver.
눈에는 눈이라는 것은 같은 방법으로 보복한다는 것을 의미한다.

an upgrade report summarizes known compatibility issues you may encounter running windows 2000.
업그레이드 보고서는 windows 2000을 실행하는 중 발생할 수 있는 알려진 호환성 문제를 요약합니다.

an excellent idea ! do so by all means.
참 좋은 생각입니다 ! 부디 그렇게 해 주십시오.

an excellent example of this is hawthorn.
이것의 훌륭한 예는 산사나무 입니다.

an autumn breeze begins to blow.
찬바람머리가 되었다.

an autopsy is scheduled for saturday.
부검은 토요일로 일정이 잡혀 있다.

an integrated system design on the utilization of coal slurry synthetic gas.
석탄 스러리 합성가스의 활용에 관한 총합 시스템 설계.

an estimation of energy consumption factor in energy glutton buildings.
에너지 다소비 건물의 소비인자 추론.

an autocrat prefers his subjects to be automatons , rather than intelligent human beings.
독재자는 신하들이 지성을 가진 인간이 아니라 로봇이기를 바란다.

an elvis lookalike.
엘비스를 닮은 사람.

an hour later , we landed in charlotte , north carolina , where we had a one hour layover before boarding the plane to mexico.
한 시간 뒤 , 우리는 멕시코로 가는 비행기를 탑승하기 전에 한 시간 가량 도중하차해야 했던 노스캐롤라이나 주의 샬로트에서 착륙했다.

an anonymous benefactor donated two billion won.
익명의 독지가가 20억 원을 기부했다.

an emperor is a monarch who rules the roast over an empire.
황제란 제국을 통치하는 군주다.

an emergency meeting was held under the chairmanship of the president.
대통령 주재로 긴급회의가 열렸다.

an approach to a systematic process in building design works.
국내 건축설계프로세스의 합리화방안.

an unable body.
신체의 자유를 잃다.

an officer commanded the troops to attack.
한 장교가 군인들에게 공격 명령을 내렸다.

an experiment on the performance of a cascade heatpump system using r-134a and r-717.
r-134a 및 r-717 이용한 해수열원 열펌프시스템의 성능실험.

an error with no description has occurred.
설명이 없는 오류가 발생했습니다.

an error occurred in %s : %s %s.
%s : %s %s에 오류가 발생했습니다.

an error occurred while saving the text edits that were applied to the metabase.
메타베이스에 적용된 텍스트 편집 내용을 저장하는 동안 오류가 발생했습니다.

an error occurred while opening or copying the file " %s. " the file may be missing or corrupted.
'%s' 파일을 열거나 복사하는 중 오류가 발생했습니다. 이 파일이 없거나 손상된 것 같습니다.

an error occurred copying file %s to %s.
%s에서 %s(으)로 파일을 복사하는 동안 오류가 발생했습니다.

an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
유비무환이다.

an empirical analysis of the determinants of labor absorptive capacity and manpower demand (written in korean).
고용흡수력 및 인력수요 결정요인에 대한 실증분석.

an implicit sexism that she said has dogged her for years.
다닌 무언의 성차별주의를 반영하는 것이다.

an aspect on the housing reconstruction of the longest-term householders in cheongju's inner area.
청주시 구도심내 터줏대감의 주택개조 및 신축 양상.

an insurance/tax assessor.
보험/세금 사정인.

an offensive smell greeted my nose.
악취가 코를 찔렀다.

an ugly swelling oozing with pus.
보기 흉하게 부풀어 고름이 흐르는 종기.

an apple macintosh share named " %1 " already exists. please pick another name.
%1 이름을 가진 apple macintosh 공유가 이미 있습니다. 다른 이름을 선택하십시오.

an armrest.
(의자 따위의) 팔걸이.

an armory often serves as a military headquarters.
무기고는 종종 군대의 본부로 쓰인다.

an honest judge can not be servile to public opinion.
공정한 재판관은 세론을 추종하지 않는다.

an investigation is not thoroughgoing enough.
조사가 불충분하다.

an investigation on the in si tu measurement of the oil-concentration with densimeter.
밀도계를 이용한 비추출식 냉동기유농도 측정에 관한 연구.

an aria is a song for one of the leading singers in an opera.
아리아란 오페라에서 뛰어난 가수들 중 한 명이 부르는 노래입니다.

an egg dropped on the floor and splattered everywhere.
달걀이 떨어져서 바닥이 더렵혀졌다.

an appendectomy is a medical operation to remove appendix.
맹장절제술은 충양 돌기를 제거하는 의료적 수술 행위다.

an angel recites verses to a loser who becomes a warlord.
그 곳은 장군들이 정부보다 더 많은 권력을 휘두르는 빈곤하고 정치적으로 불안한 사회이다.

an antiwar campaign ^has intensified.
반전운동이 격화되었다.

an angora sweater.
앙고라 스웨터.

an amusing anecdote is told of him.
그에게는 재미있는 일화가 있다.

an ace marksman.
명사수.

an analytic and experimental study on the performance characteristic of the rotary compressor.
로타리 압축기 성능특성에 관한 해석 및 실험.

an unfortunate incident has occurred which involved the leakage of test questions.
시험문제가 유출되는 불상사가 일어났다.

an unexplained mystery.
설명되지 않은 미스터리.

an alluring smile.
매혹적인 미소.

an upside-down horseshoe shape stood for ten.
위아래가 뒤집어진 편자 모양은 10을 상징했습니다.

an adulterous relationship.
간통하는 관계.

an anti-lock braking system or abs.
잠금 방지 브레이크 장치 , 즉 abs.

an irish wolfhound.
아일랜드 울프하운드.

an ice-cream cornet.
아이스크림 콘.

an inquiry into her charges is now underway.
그녀의 혐의에 대한 조사가 지금 진행중이다.

an underpass is either a passage for pedestrians or a road for vehicles that goes underneath a road or railway line.
차도나 철로 밑을 통과하는 보행자나 차량의 지하도 , 굴다리.

an artist's impression of the mars reconnaissance orbiter.
화성의 궤도를 도는 인공위성에 대한 화가의 감정.

an 18-carat gold ring.
18금 반지.

an oxbridge education.
옥스브리지 교육.

an unseasonal cold spell sent the temperatures plummeting to below zero.
때 아닌 한파로 기온이 빙점 아래로 떨어졌다.

an asd stands for " atrial septal defect ".
asd는 " 심방 중격 결손 " 을 의미한다.

an upmarket restaurant.
고급 식당.

an uneventful life.
특별한 일이 없는 생활.

an uncontested election / divorce.
단독 출마/반대가 없는 이혼.

interesting fact. it will take about 21 cents of electricity to execute alex corvis tonight on this , his 21st birthday.
재미있는 점은 오늘 밤 바로 그의 스물한 번째 생일날 , 약 21센트 전기료로 전기의자 처형 을 당할 것이라는 사실입니다.

book , the downing years , was published in 1993.
1979년에서 1990년까지 수상이었던 대처가 사임했을 때 , 그녀는 영국상원에 들어가 직위를 받았고 the downing years 라는 책을 1993년에 발간했습니다.

learning is meat and drink to me.
내게 배움은 더할 나위 없는 낙이다.

learning to ski is not easy.
스키를 배우는 것은 쉽지 않다.

learning how to drive a car is as easy as abc.
운전 배우는 것은 아주 쉬워.

some in the u.s. administration , like cia chief porter goss , casting a concerned eye on china's military buildup.
포터 고스 cia 국장을 비롯하여 미국 행정부 일각에서는 중국의 군비 증강에 우려의 눈길을 보내고 있습니다.

some are good , and some are bad , and others are indifferent(= mediocre/ average/unimportant/insignificant).
좋은 것도 있고 나쁜 것도 있으며 , 또 이것도 저것도 아닌 것도 있다.

some people would retort that pharmaceutical chemists can invent new medicines only in the lab.
사람들은 약 개발자들이 새로운 약을 실험실에서만 만들 수도 있다고 비꼰다.

some people feel that globalization is exerting strong downward pressure on wages.
어떤 사람들은 세계화가 임금 하락을 부채질하고 있다고 생각한다.

some people felt it might be used to exonerate the hanged conspirators.
몇몇 사람들은 이것이 공모자들의 결백을 밝혀주는데 쓰였다고 느꼈다.

some people experience a feeling similar to claustrophobia when they are inside an mri machine.
일부 사람들은 그들이 mri기계안에 있을 때 밀실공포증과 비슷한 기분을 느낀다.

some people believe that censorship is the answer , others do not.
몇몇 사람들은 검열이 해답이라고 생각하고 , 다른 사람들은 그렇게 생각하지 않는다.

some people wonder if another writer just used william shakespeare's name.
다른 작가가 단지 셰익스피어의 이름만 빌려서 사용한 것이 아닐까 생각하는 사람들이 있다.

some parents and experts have different ways of defining spanking.
몇몇 부모들과 전문가들은 체벌을 정의하는 방법이 다르다.

some parents hastily answer " drug abuse ".
몇몇 학부모님들은 성급하게 " 마약 중독 " 이라고 대답하십니다.

some have compared the odor of the corpse flower to everything from ammonia to the smell of dead crabs on the beach.
어떤 사람들은 이 꽃의 냄새를 암모니아에서부터 해변가에 있는 죽은 게 냄새에 이르기까지 온갖 냄새에 비유하기도 했습니다.

some of the works of art double as giant ice slides.
일부 예술 작품들은 대형 얼음 미끄럼틀로도 사용됩니다.

some of the more famous of these include the maya and the inca civilizations.
그 중 더 유명한 문화에는 마야와 잉카 문명이 포함된다.

some of the new age ideas of religion , like the spirituality of some sort , is surely compatible with other religions , as is the idea that the environment and world we live in should be respected.
종교에 대한 뉴에이지의 몇몇 생각은 , 어떤 종류의 영성처럼 , 확실히 다른 종교와 양립할 수 없지만 , 우리가 사는 환경과 세상이 존중해야 할 생각이기도 합니다.

some of the components on some vlsi microchips may be so small that they can not be seen without a microscope.
어떤 초집적회로 마이크로칩의 부품은 현미경으로 보아야할 정도로 작다.

some of the questions and comments bewilder me , to be honest.
솔직히 말하자면 , 몇몇 질문들과 비평이 나를 당황시켰다.

some of the spec information they want is pretty technical , but if you call julie reiss at extension four-four-two-two , she can explain it to you.
그 사람들이 원하는 상세 정보는 상당히 전문적인 것이지만 내선번호 4422번으로 줄리 레이스에게 전화하면 설명해 줄 거에요.

some of our company's confidential documents have fallen into the hands of a competitor.
우리 회사의 기밀문서가 경쟁 업체의 손에 들어갔다.

some of those vulnerable members of society are women.
사회의 취약계층들의 일부는 여성들이다.

some of them are unable to enjoy the holidays because they are confine to hospitals , nursing homes , prisons and other institutions.
이들 중 어떤 이들은 병원이나 양로원 , 또는 교도소나 그밖의 기관 시설에 수용되어 있기 때문에 명절을 즐길 수 없습니다.

some of them wanted to be close to you but they felt you were inaccessable or that you were aloof.
당신과 친해지고 싶었던 몇몇에게도 당신은 거리를 뒀고 무관심했어요.

some of us who look fine and healthy have a hidden disability.
우리 중 몇 사람은 겉보기엔 건강해 보이지만 보이지 않는 장애를 앓고 있습니다.

some think that the roman emperor nero claudius caesar was the first to eat it.
어떤 사람들은 로마의 황제인 네로 클라우디우스 카이사르가 처음으로 아이스크림을 먹은 사람이라고 생각해요.

some things are best left unsaid.
모르는 채로 있는 게 나은 것도 있다.

some body wastes are eliminated through perspiration.
어떤 노폐물은 땀을 통해 배출된다.

some others have a natural disposition for gymnastic activities and are fond of it.
몇몇 다른사람들은 체육활동에 대한 선천적인 기질을 가지고 있고 , 그것을 좋아한다.

some trees exude from their bark a sap that repels insect parasites.
어떤 나무는 껍질에서 곤충 기생충을 쫓는 수액을 유출한다.

some believe this remaining differential is due to discrimination.
어떤 사람들은 이 차이점이 있는 것은 불평등 때문이라고 믿는다.

some dogs wrought havoc with the flowers.
개들이 꽃을 결딴내 버렸다.

some forms of algae are 50 percent oil by mass.
몇몇의 해초들은 50퍼센트가 기름덩어리로 되어있다.

some experts take a closer look at what may be feeding anti-americanism , which some analysts say is now deeper and different than in the past.
일부 전문가들은 반미주의가 점점 깊어지고 있고 , 또 과거와는 다른 양상을 띄고 있다고 지적합니다.

some web sites openly advertise for internet or information specialists.
일부 웹사이트의 경우 공개적으로 인터넷과 정보 전문가를 모집합니다.

some intense female-led drama unfolds on this double-feature.
강렬한 여성이 이끄는 몇 몇 드라마는 두 배의 특성을 펼쳐 보인다.

some music can be very comforting.
어떤 음악은 큰 위안이 되기도 한다.

some fundamental rethinking of the way in which pilots are trained.
2000년도 기획세미나 발표논문집 : 지식정부구현을 위한 전략과 과제.

some environmentalists are urging governments around the world to work together to better preserve the world's forests.
일부 환경보호론자들은 전세계의 정부들이 세계의 삼림들에 대한 보호 확대를 위해 협력할 것을 촉구하고 있습니다.

some camp sites have electricity , and some have a communal ablution blocks and kitchens.
어떤 곳은 전기 시설이 있고 , 어떤 곳은 공동 목욕장과 취사장이 있다.

some ancient societies believed that yawning could be hazardous ? that the soul could escape the body during a big , relaxing yawn.
몇몇 고대 사회에서는 하품을 아주 위험한 것으로 여겼는데 , 입을 크게 벌리고 늘어지게 하품하는 동안 몸에서 영혼이 빠져나갈 수도 있다고 믿었기 때문 입니다.

some adjectives can only be used attributively.
일부 형용사는 한정 용법으로만 쓰인다.

some analysts believe that shrinking populations in europe and other developed countries will profoundly affect global economics and even security.
일부 전문가들은 유럽과 다른 선진국들의 인구 감소가 세계 경제와 더 나아가 안보에까지도 심각한 영향을 미치게 될 것이라 믿고 있습니다.

some investors in the company were sure the future of the automobile industry was hinge on cars for wealthy buyers.
그 회사의 몇몇 투자자들은 자동차 산업의 미래가 부유층 구매자들을 위한 차에 달려 있다고 확신했는데요.

some bacteria multiply by cell division.
일부 박테리아는 세포분열을 통해 증식한다.

some blocks are designed to cripple the entire structure with one shot.
어떤 블록들은 한 방으로 전체 구조물을 쓰러뜨릴 수 있습니다.

some nominations for the golden globe awards defy convention.
골든 글로브의 몇몇 후보 지명에서는 이러한 통설이 뒤집어지고 있다.

some morons gave a standing ovation.
몇몇 정신 나간 관객은 기립박수까지 보냈다.

some residents of southern illinois had to evacuate.
일리노이즈 주의 남쪽의 일부 거주민들은 대피하여야한다.

some terns nest north of the arctic circle.
어떤 제비갈매기들은 북극권에 깃들인다.

some mortgage plans offer a bimonthly payment schedule.
이 잡지는 격월로 나온다.

some considerations on the stochastic modeling of earthquake acceleration time history in korea.
한국의 지진가속도 산정을 위한 stochastic modeling 에 관한 고찰.

some vigilant people would be sure to bury suspected vampires with a scythe , thus ensuring decapitation occurred before the creature had the opportunity to dig it's way out.
몇몇 망을 보는 사람들은 의심되는 뱀파이어들을 꼭 큰 낫과 함께 묻었고 , 그 생물이 밖으로 나올 기회를 가지기 전에 목을 꼭 베어내었습니 다.

some anemias , such as iron deficiency anemia , are common.
다소의 빈혈 , 이처럼 철분 부족으로 생기는 빈혈이 보통이다.

some pharmacies could be a convenient local centre for chiropody or similar services.
어떤 약국들은 발치료와 비슷한 처치를 위한 편리한 지역센타가 될 수 있다.

some immigrant leaders oppose the boycott , fearing it may backfire and have a negative effect on u.s. public opinion.
일부 이민지도자들은 역효과를 낼 수 있으며 , 미국 여론에 부정적인 효과를 가져올 수 있다는 점을 우려해 이 같은 보이콧에 반대하고 있습니다.

some adipose tissue is a good thing , said bruce m. spiegelman of the dana-farber cancer institute in boston.
" 어떤 지방 조직은 좋은 것입니다 ," 보스턴의 다나-파버 암 센터의 부르스 스피글맨이 말했습니다.

some accumulating snow will fall , especially in the mountains.
산간 지역을 비롯한 일부 지역에는 눈이 쌓이는 곳도 있겠습니다.

some refineries had allowed their stocks to run low and subsequently had to scramble to cover requirements at higher prices.
재고 수준을 낮게 유지해 왔던 일부 정유소들은 높은 가격으로라도 필요한 원유를 채워 놓기 위해 허둥대야 했다.

some snarkiness is nasty , cynical and damaging.
어떤 비난은 고약하고 냉소적이며 유해하다.

some sociologists feel that the key to reducing crime is to strengthen families.
일부 사회학자들은 가족의 결속력을 강화시키는 것이 범죄를 줄일 수 있는 방법이라고 생각한다.

some quartets try to capture this piece's tragic quality by being utterly unbending.
사중주단 중 몇은 정말 고집스럽게 작품의 비극적 특징을 잡으려 노력한다.

some meteorites are predominantly iron while others are largely stone.
운석 중에는 주로 쇳덩이인 것도 있고 주로 돌인 것도 있다.

some seaweeds , particularly certain varieties of wrack have been the subject of scientific study over many years in connection with specific medical conditions where it has been found not only to have medical value , but provides powerful nutrition in a wide range of treatments.
몇몇 미역 , 특히 특정성을 띈 다양한 종류의 해초는 의학적 가치를 가지고 있는 것뿐만 아니라 강력한 영양 성분을 넓은 치유 범위 안에서 특 정한 의학적 조건과 관련하여 제공해 주는 것이 발견돼 다년간 과학적 연구의 대상이 되어왔다.

friends will approach the matter in that sprit.
친구들은 정신적인 측면에서 그 문제에 접근할 것이다.

friends should be allies of our better nature.
친구는 우리가 좋은 본성을 갖추는데 동반자들이어야 한다.

house.
주택.

house.
가옥.

house prices are creeping up again.
집값이 다시 서서히 오르고 있다.

house builders understand the needs of buyers.
건축가는 구매자의 요구를 이해한다.

next to skiing my favourite sport is skating.
스키 타기 다음으로 내가 좋아하는 운동이 스케이트 타기이다.

next week , somali leaders are to meet in person in the ethiopian capital to try to seek national unity.
다음 주에는 소말리아 지도자들이 민족 화합을 모색하기 위해 에티오피아의 수도에서 직접 만날 예정입니다.

next week the cherry blossoms will be gone.
다음 주에는 벚꽃이 다 져버릴 거예요.

world health organization scientists are looking into the bird flu deaths of seven members of a family from sumatra island who may have infected each other.
세계보건기구 who의 과학자들은 최근 수마트라 섬에서 인체에서 인체로 조류독감이 감염돼 사망했을 수도 있는 일가족 7명에 대한 검사를 계속하고 있습니다.

rising.
신진의.

rising.
용립.

fast food is unhealthy because it has (a lot of) fat and salt.
패스트 푸드는 지방과 소금이 (많이) 들어 있기 때문에 건강에 좋지 않다.

getting a doctorate is no mean feat.
박사 학위를 받는 것은 쉬운 일이 아니다.

better get those condolence cards for your friends ready.
친구들을 위한 조의카드를 준비하는 게 좋겠다.

better decisions result from collaborative processes than adversarial ones.
더 좋은 결론들은 대립적으로 작업하는 과정들에서보다 공동으로 작업하는 과정들에서부터 생긴다.

turn the heat up slightly cookk till sauce thickens.
온도를 조금 올리고 소스가 걸쭉해 질때까지 요리하세요.

turn the heat off , but keep the biscuits in the oven until hardened.
오븐의 불을끄고 비스켓이 단단해질때까지 오븐에 놓아두세요.

turn the dough onto generously floured cloth-covered board ; roll around lightly to coat with flour.
밀가루가 충분히 뭍은 천으로 덮힌 도마위에 반죽을 올려 놓고 밀가루가 뭍도록 가볍게 돌려 줍니다.

turn off the heat and add vinegar.
불을 끄고 식초를 첨가해.

turn right on maple and you will see a large red building about halfway down the block on the right.
거기서 우회전하셔서 한 블록을 내려오다 보면 중간쯤 우측에 붉은 색 대형 건물이 보일 겁니다.

turn sticks out and cool 10 minutes.
오븐에서 꺼내 10분간 식힌다.

those in authority were in a privileged position.
권한을 지닌 사람들은 특권을 가진 위치에 있었다.

those from wealthy families such as he often has the lowest grades.
그처럼 집안이 부유한 학생들이 가장 성적이 안 좋은 경우도 많죠.

those most susceptible to disease are often the weak and the elderly.
질병에 가장 쉽게 감염되는 사람들은 노약자들이다.

those three wireless service providers are : verizon wireless , cingular wireless and att wireless.
세곳의 무선 사업자들은 verzion wireless , cingular wireless 그리고 att wireless이다.

those books (which) you lent me were very useful.
당신이 나에게 빌려준 책은 매우 유익했습니다.

those two men's duet was in dissonance.
두 남자의 이중창은 불협화음을 이루고 있었다.

those who have escaped from the artificial reality build the city of zion and look for the onewho will save the people.
이 가상 현실에서 도망쳐 나온 사람들은 '시온'이라는 도시를 건설하고 인류를 구할 구세주인 '그'(the one)을 기다린다.

those who were there sat silently until they could compose themselves.
마음을 가라앉힐때까지 그들은 조용하게 거기에 앉아있었다.

those who disobey the commander's order will be tried and punished immediately.
지휘관의 명령에 불복하는 자는 즉결 처분될 것이다.

those early plans were not prepared to any specified standard , and they have often proved unreliable.
그 이른 계획들은 아직 구체적 기준으로 준비된 것이 아니며 간혹 틀리게 입증되어 진것들도 있다.

those clothes make you look dignified.
그 옷을 입으니 점잖아 보이네요.

those companies which bit off more than they could chew went bankrupt.
대체로 능력 이상의 사업을 시도했던 회사들이 파산했다.

those kids had lots of milk on their cereal.
그 아이들은 곡물식에 우유를 많이 부었다.

language is the vehicle of thought.
언어는 생각의 전달 수단이다.

britain is famous for fog and rain.
영국은 안개와 비로 유명하다.

britain a storm is still blocking efforts to hold back oil flowing from a ship wrecked against the shetland islands.
영국 폭풍이 셰틀랜드 제도에서 좌초된 유조선으로부터 흘러나오는 기름의 확산을 막으려는 노력을 어렵게 하고 있습니다.

living alone may bring freedom , but not necessarily buoyant health or better sex.
독립하는 것은 자유를 주겠지만 꼭 건강이나 만족한 성생활을 영위하는 것은 아니다.

with a great battle cry the king let slip the dogs of war.
왕은 엄청난 선전포고와 함께 전쟁을 시작하였다.

with a touch of defiance , she said , " i am not a woman sitting around waiting for anyone. ".
그녀는 조금 냉소적인 태도로 , " 저는 누군가를 기다리면서 허송세월하는 그런 여자가 아니에요. " 라고 했다.

with a financial crisis being aggravated , militant groups have issued menaces against palestinian banks.
팔레스타인의 재정 위기 사태가 심화되고 있는 가운데 과격 단체들은 팔레스타인 은행들에 대해 위협을 가하고 있습니다.

with a tail that moves freely on a vertical shaft , wind vanes consisting of a long arrow measures wind direction.
수직의 축에서 자유롭게 움직이는 꼬리를 지닌 풍향계의 긴 화살표로 풍향을 측정한다.

with the coming of winter , more and more people are wanting steamed buns.
겨울이 되자 호빵을 찾는 손님이 많아졌다.

with the arrival of warm weather comes the danger of heat cramps.
날씨가 더워지면서 열경련의 위험이 커지고 있습니다.

with the advent of the internet has come an explosion of e-commerce , content development and self-publishing.
인터넷의 등장으로 전자 상거래 , 컨텐츠 개발 및 소규모 자영 출판이 폭발적으로 증가해 왔다.

with the advent of inventions such as the internet , television and computer games , we are now communing with a lifeless collection of microchips , not each other.
인터넷 , 텔레비전 , 그리고 컴퓨터 게임의 도래하면서 , 우리는 이제 , 서로가 아닌 , 생명이 없는 마이크로칩의 모음과 의사소통하고 있습니다.

with this in mind , cigna says it's sending the game to every pediatrician , oncologist , pediatric oncologist , and hospital that it serves.
이것을 염두 해 두고 , cigna는 이 게임을 모든 소아과 의사 , 종양학자 , 소아암 연구자 보내고 , 그 목적에 맞는 병원에 보내는 중이라고 밝혔 다.

with this we are able to retain knowledge , which is the backbone of perception.
이것으로 우리는 지식을 보유할 수 있으며 , 그것은 통찰력의 근간이다.

with so many areas of woodland being cut down , a lot of wildlife is losing its natural habitat.
너무나 많은 삼림 지역이 벌채되고 있기 때문에 많은 야생 동물들이 천연 서식지를 잃고 있다.

with very little pigment , eyes appear blue ; with thicker layers , the eyes appear hazel or brown or black.
색소가 아주 적으면 두 눈은 푸른색이 되고 색소가 여러 겹 두텁게 쌓이면 두 눈은 담갈색에서 갈색 내지 검은색으로 보입니다.

with most of the cast uncomfortable speaking in english , the banal script renders the movie even more lifeless.
대부분의 연기자들이 영어로 말하는 것이 불편해 보이는 상태에서 평범한 대본은 영화를 더 생기 없게 만들었다.

with all the rain , the drains in the streets have overflowed.
비가 많이 와서 거리의 배수구가 넘쳐 버렸다.

with all deference to you , i want to use it first.
지당한 말씀이지만 , 이것을 먼저 사용하고 싶습니다.

with that being said , i guess it's not at every fashion show that you see prison guards by the catwalk.
말해진 것처럼 , 모든 패션쇼에서 무대 옆에 감옥 죄수가 있는 것을 볼 수는 없습니다.

with her hands in everything from fashion design (stuff by hilary duff) , to film (a cinderella story , the perfect man , cheaper by the dozen) to making it in the oversaturated world of the teen-queen wannabes of pop , this is one girl that's done it all.
그녀는 그녀의 손으로 패션 디자인(힐러리 더프란 이름의 의류) , 영화촬영('신데렐라 스토리' , '퍼펙트 맨' , '열두 명의 웬수들') , 팝계에서 10대 여왕을 선 망하는 사람들로 충만한 세상을 만들어 내는 일까지 , 이 모든 것들을 행한 한 소녀이다.

with her outfit , best female pop vocal performance winner , christina aguilera had to be careful.
최우수 여자 팝 보컬상을 수상한 크리스티나 아길레라는 (아슬아슬한) 의상으로 매우 조심해야 했습니다.

with her well-grounded roots and obvious talent , this is one young starlet i am sure we will be seeing a lot more of in the near future.
잘 다져진 근본과 두드러진 재능으로 , 가까운 미래에 우리가 더 많은 것들을 볼 수 있을 거란 확신이 드는 , 인기 상승의 젊은 여배우가 바로 이 소녀이다.

with three orbiters and two rovers -- three if you count europe's beagle rover , which landed in december 2003 but still has not called home -- there's practically a traffic jam near mars.
3대의 궤도 탐사선과 2대의 탐사로봇(2003년 12월에 화성에 착륙한 후 아직까지 통신 두절 상태에 있는 유럽의 'beagle'호까지 포함하면 총 세 대의 탐사로 봇)이 화성에 있다 보니 화성은 근처에서는 말 그대로 '교통 혼잡'이 초래되고 있다.

with three orbiters and two rovers -- three if you count europe's beagle rover , which landed in december 2003 but still has not called home -- there's practically a traffic jam near mars.
3대의 궤도 탐사선과 2대의 탐사로봇(2003년 12월에 화성에 착륙한 후 아직까지 통신 두절 상태에 있는 유럽의 'beagle'호까지 포함하면 총 세 대의 탐사로봇)이 화성에 있다 보니 화성은 근처에서는 말 그대로 '교통 혼잡'이 초래되고 있다.

with money saved from wps , they can make investments or hire more workers.
wps로부터 아껴진 돈들로 그들은 투자를 할 수도 있고 더 많은 노동자들을 고용할 수 도 있다.

with one thing or another , it cost me 5 , 000 , 000 won to repair the roof.
지붕을 고치는 데 이럭저럭 5백만 원이 들었다.

with only scant revenues , many of the korean internet companies offer little more than the rudimentary services.
수입이 적은 관계로 많은 한국의 인터넷 회사들이 기본적인 서비스 정도만을 제공한다.

with technology advancing at a fast-growing rate , today's advance can be tomorrow's museum piece.
급속도로 기술이 발전하고 있는 가운데 , 현재의 첨단 제품이 미래에는 박물관에서나 볼 수 있는 전시품이 될 수도 있습니다.

with labor and management at loggerheads , the government stepped in to mediate the dispute.
노조와 사측이 팽팽하게 맞서자 정부가 중재에 나섰다.

with true happiness , true love would often transpire.
진실한 행복이 있다면 , 진실한 사랑도 종종 발생할 것이다.

with such passionate support from audiences , the play staged encore performances.
그 연극은 관객의 열띤 호응에 힘입어 앙코르 공연에 들어갔다.

with millions of workers , you can hardly hope to compile a history of every person to explain the disparity.
수백만의 노동자에게서 , 불평등을 설명하기 위해 모든 사람의 기록을 수집하는 것을 기대하기는 거의 힘들다.

with standard features such as cd players , surround sound speakers , and an automatic sun roof , the 00x appeals to college students , newlyweds , and young professionals.
cd 재생기 , 입체 사운드 스피커와 자동 선루프 등을 기본 사양으로 갖춘 00x는 대학생 , 신혼부부와 젊은 전문직 종사자들의 마음을 사로잡 습니다.

with almost no money invested in upgrading the rail system in recent years , the quality of czech railroad equipment has declined sharply.
최근 몇 년간 철도 시스템 현대화에 대한 투자가 거의 전무했기 때문에 체코의 철도 설비는 급속히 낙후되었다.

with astonishment.
그는 어안이 벙벙하여 말문이 막혔다.

with astonishment in the young boy's voice he answered.
그러자 꼬마가 놀란 목소리로 대답했다.

with hindsight it is easy to say they should not have released him.
나중에서야 그들이 그를 석방하지 말았어야 했다고 말하기는 쉽다.

with well-organized displays and detailed explanations of audio guide , i have a deeper understanding about renoir's artisan spirit and his life.
잘 정돈된 전시와 구제적인 오디오 가이드는 르느와르의 장인 정신과 그의 삶을 더 깊게 이해하게 해 주었다.

with lively black eyes set beneath prominent eyebrows , the actress has a natural charisma.
두드러진 눈썹 아래의 활기찬 검은 눈동자의 그 여배우는 타고난 카리스마가 있다.

with vegetable parer , scrape skin and scales from lower part of asparagus stalks.
방수시트의 평행접합방법에 따른 인장성능 평가연구.

with greasy fingers we ate the pie which tasted of cinnamon.
기름이 묻은 손가락으로 우리는 계피 맛이 나는 파이를 먹었다.

with margo's firm presence next to him , the non-swimmer avoided panic.
margo가 곁에 굳건하게 있어주었기에 , 수영을 못했던 그 친구는 공포감을 느끼지 않았다.

with siamese fighting fish , one male's yawing , followed minutes later by another's , can signal a battle.
샴투어 수놈이 하품을 하고 다른 놈이 이를 따라 하면 전투를 시작한다는 신호입니다.

until.
까지.

until.
-도록.

until.
지-.

until now , mr. jaafari's refusal to step aside has blocked repeated efforts to form a unity government.
지금까지 자파리 총리가 사임을 거부함으로써 거국 정부 구성을 위한 거듭되는 노력은 방해를 받아왔습니다.

until we have got official permission to go ahead with the plans we are in limbo.
그 계획을 진행시켜도 좋다는 공식적인 허가를 얻을 때까지 우리는 불확실한 상태에 있었다.

until then , i had not realized the seriousness of the case.
나는 그때까지도 사태의 심각성을 알아차리지 못했다.

until we' ve got official permission to go ahead with the plans we' re in limbo.
그 계획을 진행시켜도 좋다는 공식적인 허가를 얻을 때까지 우리는 불확실한 상태에 있었다.

find out in sutton university s two-day course , investment decisions and behavioral finance , offered may 16-17.
투자결정과 행태 재정학을 주제로 5월 16~17일 이틀 간 서튼대학에서 열리는 강좌에서 한번 알아보세요.

by this time next week , i will be lying on a beach , getting a tan and sipping cold drinks.
다음 주 이맘때면 나는 해변에 누워 선탠을 하면서 시원한 음료를 홀짝이고 있을 겁니다.

by being helpful and sympathetic and by using a conversational tone in your letters , the formal and businesslike atmosphere can be offset , adding a warm , friendly touch to your message.
편지에 상대방을 돕고 이해하려는 내용을 담는다거나 친근한 말투를 사용하면 전달하는 메시지에 다정다감한 분위기를 더할 수 있어 형식적이고 사무적인 느낌을 없애 준다.

by way of reprisal for my parents' death , i will kill him.
우리 부모님의 죽음에 대한 보복으로서 나는 그를 죽일 것이다.

by any chance , do you remember the product code ?.
혹시 , 상품 코드를 기억하세요 ?.

by learning and accepting capitalist ways quickly , he says north koreans can avoid becoming disillusioned and depressed.
자본주의 방식을 신속히 배우고 받아들임으로써 환상을 갖거나 의기소침해지는 것을 피할 수 있다고 말합니다.

by some unlucky chance , her name was left off the list.
어쩌다 운이 나빠서 그녀의 이름이 명단에서 누락되었다.

by studying anatomy , the movement of vertebrates of all species ---- especially children ---- he was able to devise a simple and practical method for freeing the body's innate balance and ease of motion.
해부학과 모든 종의 척추동물들의 움직임을 - 특히 어린이들을- 연구함으로써 , 그는 몸의 본래의 균형과 행동의 용이함을 위한 간단하고 실용적인 방법을 고안해 낼 수 있었어요.

by 6 to 3 , the court said the u.s. justice department may not use a federal drug law to override the state law.
대법관 9명 중 6명은 미 법무부가 연방 규제약물법을 앞세워 오리건 주의자살조력법을 막을 수 없다고 말했습니다.

by itself , popcorn is a very healthy food to eat between meals.
팝콘 자체는 간식용으로 좋은 식품입니다.

by chance , dried leaves from nearby were said to have fallen into the boiling water , creating a brownish liquid.
우연히 , 가까이 있던 마른 잎을 끓는 물에 넣도록 했고 , 갈색 빛을 띠는 액체를 만들어냈다.

by spring you will start hearing that major companies tested new systems successfully.
봄까지 , 당신은 대다수의 회사들이 새로운 시스템을 성공적으로 점검했다는 소식을 듣기 시작할 것이다.

by federal law , all our domestic flights are non-smoking.
연방법에 의해 모든 국내선은 금연입니다.

by knocking down tariff and other barriers to trade among countries , nafta would lower prices for hundreds of millions of consumers.
북미 자유 무역 협정은 국가간 관세와 기타 무역 장벽을 제거함으로써 수억의 소비자를 위해 가격을 낮출 것이다.

by age 12 , he was doing magic tricks (under the moniker the amazing adam) for family , neighbors and mom's coworkers.
12살 때는 가족이나 이웃 혹은 어머니 동료들에게 마술을 보여주기도 했다. (당시 그의 별명은 놀라운 아담이었다.).

by age 12 , he was doing magic tricks (under the moniker the amazing adam) for family , neighbors and mom's coworkers.
이것은 9월 27일부터 10월 16일까지 전시되어질 " 낯선 방문 " 이라는 이름을 내건 정 정 주씨의 놀라운 전시회이다.

by accounting for packets sent , a public network can charge customers for only the data they transmit.
전송된 패킷을 계산하여 공용 네트워크에서 고객이 전송하는 데이터에 대해서만 요금을 청구할 수 있습니다.

by conventional , internal-combustion standards , this is the world's simplest power train.
종래의 내연 기관 규격에 따라 , 이것은 세계에서 가장 간단한 파워 트레인 이다.

by shooting him , she ensured that she was the one with the upper hand.
그를 쏘면서 , 그녀는 우위를 차지했다고 보장했다.

by carbon 14 dating , they determined that the city was first settled about 800 b.c.
탄소 14의 방사성 동위원소에 의한 연대 고증에 의하여 그들은 그 도시가 기원전 8백 년경에 세워진 것으로 보았다.

by regulating urine production , this hormone manages water balance in your body.
이 호르몬은 소변생산을 조절해서 우리 몸속의 수분 양의 균형을 유지하게한다.

by knowing the warning signs of appendicitis , one is more likely to seek prompt medical attention when it occurs.
맹장염이 나타난다는 것을 발견함으로써 , 사람들 그것이 일어났을 때 의료적인 관심을 즉시 받아야 할 것입니다.

by resorting to such thuggery , the protesters only weaken their position.
그런 폭력 행위에 호소하는 것은 항의자들의 입장을 약화시킬 뿐이다.

by reheating to 1200 degrees c , the impurities are , driven off resulting in a harder , more durable metal.
섭씨 1200도로 다시 가열함으로써 불순물이 제거되어 더 단단하고 내구력이 뛰어난 금속을 얻을 수 있습니다.

by tacit agreement , the subject was never mentioned again.
무언의 합의하에 , 그 주제는 다시는 거론되지 않았다.

again , that means food will need more time to be digested , causing the stomach to have that puffy look.
다시 , 그것은 음식이 소화되는데 더 많은 시간이 필요해서 배가 부풀어 보이게 한다는 것이다.

again i'd like to recommend roast beef. ? it's really delicious , madam ?.
구운 쇠고기를 다시 추천하고 싶군요. 그건 아주 맛있습니다 , 부인.

things go on smoothly. or things go without a hitch.
만사가 원활히 진행된다.

things are not always what they seem.
사물은 반드시 겉모양과 같지는 않다.

things are beginning to liven up.
경기가 좋아지고 있습니다.

things are starting to get tough. i hope this downsizing trend does not hit us as well.
상황이 힘들게 돌아가기 시작해요. 이 규모 축소 바람이 우리에겐 영향을 안 미쳤으면 좋겠어요.

things like gravity and the laws of motion.
중력이나 움직임의 법칙 같은 것들.

things have become really annoying.
일이 성가시게 되었다.

should.
-어야.

should you need assistance obtaining transportation , dinner reservations , or theater tickets , our concierge will be glad to help.
교통편 , 저녁 식사 예약 , 극장표 구입 등에 관해 도움이 필요하시면 저희 안내 직원이 도와 드리겠습니다.

should we consider buying new rugs ?.
새 양탄자 사는 걸 한 번 고려해 볼까 ?.

should we consider buying new rugs ?.
심각하게 재고해보실 것을 강력히 요구합니다.

should manganese nodules be exploited as a source of metals ?.
망간 단괴를 금속 원료로서 이용해야 하는 것인가 ?.

active discussions are currently underway regarding the matter.
그 문제에 관해 현재 활발한 협의가 이루어지고 있다.

animals , on the other hand , only used their instincts as adaptive strategies.
반면에 동물은 본능만을 적응 전략으로 사용한다.

animals are natural and beautiful creatures who refuse to wage wars , rob , or lie.
동물들은 전쟁 , 약탈 또는 거짓말을 하지 않은 자연스럽고 아름다운 피조물이야.

animals like an octopus and a crab do not have a backbone.
문어나 게와 같은 동물들은 등뼈를 가지고 있지 않다.

animals like an octopus and a crab do not have it.
문어나 게 같은 동물들에게는 등뼈가 없다.

animals fed on cheap coconut oil for fattening in the 1940s actually became more active and leaner , as opposed to animals fed on corn and soybeans.
1940년대에 살을 찌우기 위해 싼 코코넛 오일을 먹인 동물들은 옥수수 기름과 콩기름을 먹인 동물들과 반대로 사실상 더 활발해지고 날씬해 졌다.

three people were buried alive in a landslide.
산사태로 세 사람이 생매장되었다.

three people were freed from the wreckage.
그 난파선에서 세 사람이 구출되었다.

three major parts of the brain are the cerebrum , the cerebellum and the medulla oblongata.
뇌의 세 가지 주요 부분은 대뇌 , 소뇌 , 그리고 연수이다.

three and a half million american workers exposed to asbestos face a dual threat.
석면에 노출된 350만 명의 미국 근로자들은 두가지 위협에 직면해 있다.

three hundred thousand tons of cereals are needed to replenish stocks.
그들은 젊고 잘 교육된 근로자들을 많이 공급했다.

three men scrambled onto the roof.
세 남자는 지붕으로 기어 올라갔다.

three senior members of the blair cabinet have been stung by controversy on what the british media are calling the prime minister's " black wednesday. ".
블레어 총리 내각의 고위 각료 3명이 영국 언론의 표현을 빌어 " 블레어 총리의 블랙 웬즈데이 " 라는 논란으로 괴로움을 당했습니다.

three copies of each submission must be supplied.
각 원고에 대한 복사본 세 부를 첨부하십시오.

three separate shifts , mondays through saturdays.
월요일에서 토요일 사이에 세 교대조입니다.

brave man as he was , he could not help weeping at the sight.
용감한 그였지만 그 광경을 보고 눈물을 흘리지 않을 수 없었다.

act your age and try to be more mature.
나이답게 좀 더 의젓하거라.

buy a trash compactor and only use it once a week.
쓰레기 분쇄 압축기를 사서 일주일에 한번만 사용하세요.

buy it then , but do not blame me when it breaks down.
그러면 그걸 사. 하지만 고장 나면 나를 탓하지 마.

buy direct from the manufacturer and cut out the middleman.
생산자에게서 바로 구입하고 중간 상인을 배제하라.

lunch.
점심.

lunch.
오찬을 들다.

for a man in imminent danger of losing his job , he appeared quite unruffled.
직장을 잃을 위험이 코 앞에 닥친 사람치고 그는 꽤 침착해 보였다.

for a long time , ministers were complacent.
오랫동안 , 장관들은 현실에 안주했다.

for a complimentary brochure , call 1-800-7-celtic.
무료 안내책자를 받으시려면 , 1-800-7-celtic으로 전화하십시오.

for a casual meeting , they can wear whatever they want.
이처럼 격식을 차리지 않고 편하게 만나는 자리에서는 입고 싶은대로 옷을 입을 수 있다.

for now , this is just a concept.
아직까지는 구상 단계일 뿐입니다.

for the most nutritious plate , choose dry vegetables of many colors.
가장 영양가 있는 요리를 위해서는 다양한 색깔의 마른 야채를 고르라.

for the time being , we seem to be stuck with hurricanes , typhoons , and their destruction.
한동안은 , 우리가 이들 허리케인과 타이푼 , 그리고 그 태풍이 가져오는 파괴를 견뎌내는 수 밖에 없을 것 같습니다.

for the time being , unless there is a striking change , i do not think will change the mood of the public , says im hyug-baeg , professor of political science at korea university.
" 대대적인 변화마련되지 않고서는 당분간 국민 정서의 변화를 기대하기 어려울 것 같다 " 고 고려대학교 정치외교학과 임형백 교수는 말했다.

for the more energetic , we offer windsurfing and diving.
더 활동적인 분들께는 윈드서핑이나 다이빙을 권합니다.

for the last decade , western nations and many asian countries have been mesmerized by the rising economic power of japan and its potential for dominance.
지난 10년 동안 서방 국가들과 많은 아시아 국가들은 일본의 경제력 부상과 지배 가능성에 매료됐었다.

for the local people , however , the effects are more prompt.
그렇지만 현지주민들에게 파괴로 인한 여파는 당장 나타납니다.

for the past ten years , the division has held a trivia challenge on the last friday of every month in the employee lounge.
지난 10년 동안 , 그 부서는 매달 마지막 주 금요일마다 직원 휴게실에서 잡학 퀴즈 대회를 열어 왔다.

for the first time , north korea has acknowledged an outbreak of bird flu.
북한이 처음으로 조류독감 발생 사실을 인정했습니다.

for the first time in a long time , the whole family got together for delightful conversation.
오랜만에 온 가족이 모여 정담을 나눴다.

for the new paradigm of architectural design education.
건축 설계 교육의 새로운 패러다임을 위하여.

for the convenience of readers , some punctuation marks , such as the period , dash , and hyphen , are deliberately omitted or covered superficially , not because they deserve to be ignored but because they are used rather informally or because their usage is o.
독자들의 편의를 위해 마침표 , 줄표 , 붙임표와 같은 일부 글점은 의도적으로 생략하거나 간략하게 다루었다. 이런 글점들은 무시해도 좋아서가 아니라 이.

for the convenience of readers , some punctuation marks , such as the period , dash , and hyphen , are deliberately omitted or covered superficially , not because they deserve to be ignored but because they are used rather informally or because their usage is o.
들이 주로 격식을 차리지 않는 상황에서 사용되거나 용법을 직관적으로 파악할 수 있기 때문이다.

for the location of the furniture hut showroom nearest you , call : 1-800-242-25000.
여러분 동네에서 가장 가까운 퍼니처 헛 매장을 문의하시려면 1-800-242-25000으로 전화 주세요.

for the categories , i have shown why they must be schematized in order to be successfully applied towards experience.
도식화된 데이터.

for the bodyguard job we are looking for somebody who is quite brave.
저희는 보디가드 일에 적합한 아주 용기있는 사람을 찾고 있습니다.

for this reason , we regret that we can not accept your order no. ti-59 dated june 27 , which uses the expired price list.
이에 따라 유감스럽게도 이전 가격표를 사용한 귀하의 6월 27일자 주문 번호 ti-59는 접수할 수 없습니다.

for me , it's a sense of how singular he was.
제게 있어 그 녀석은 오직 하나뿐입니다.

for me , teaching is a very rewarding job.
나는 가르치는 일에 보람을 느낀다.

for most grains , when the outer bran layer is removed you have also removed the fiber.
대부분의 낟알에서 겨의 겉층을 제거하면 섬유질을 제거하는 것이다.

for all his scholarship he was not proud of himself.
저만한 학자이면서도 그는 자만하지 않았다.

for more information , please write to the dean , executive mba program , university of aberdeen.
더 자세한 내용을 알고 싶으신 분은 애버딘 대학교 경영자 mba 프로그램 학장 앞으로 편지를 보내시기 바랍니다.

for more information on how to sterilize jars see " jars and lids ".
항아리를 소독하기 위한 더 자세한 정보는 " jars and lids " 를 참고하세요.

for more than two decades , the pearl river delta in southern china's guangdong province has been a crucial driver of the country's economic growth.
중국 남부 광둥성의 진주강 삼각주는 지난 20여년 간 중국의 경제성장을 뒷받침한 중요한 원동력이었습니다.

for an additional phone jack in a room , all you need is a screwdriver , a pair of scissors and a modular extension kit.
방에 전화 잭을 추가로 설치하는 것도 드라이버와 가위 , 모듈 연장 세트만 있으면 됩니다.

for some people , that is a disappointment.
몇몇의 사람들에게는 그것이 실망이다.

for some men , surgery or penile implants are a good treatment option.
어떤 남성에게는 , 수술 , 즉 음경보형물이 좋은 치료법 선택이다.

for those of you who may have forgotten , this means that ties are optional for men , and short-sleeve dress shirts are okay.
혹시 잊은 사람들을 위해서 재차 설명하자면 , 남성의 경우 넥타이는 선택사항이며 , 반팔 와이셔츠는 무방합니다.

for many years a variety of ideas on how to normalize the public education system were suggested without any methods of implementation.
수년 간 공교육제도를 통일시키는 방법에 관한 다양한 의견들은 실행할 수 있는 방법들이 거론되지 않은 채 제안되었다.

for many westerners , a homestay in japan can be a bit of a culture shock.
많은 서양 나라에 있어 , 일본 홈스테이는 약간의 문화적인 충격이 될 수 있습니다.

for many westerners , the word iran evokes images of americans held hostage by extremists in tehran.
많은 서구인들에게 이란이란 단어는 테헤란에서 극단주의자들에게 인질로 잡혀 있던 미국인들을 떠올리게 합니다.

for sure , there are crazy people believing crazy things.
확실히 미친 것을 믿는 미친 사람은 있다.

for names of physicians in your area , contact : the national institute of facial region plastic and reconstructive surgery(800-475-face) , the international academy of plastic and reconstructive surgeons(800-635-0653) , or the national brotherhood of dermatological surgeons(800-862-2727).
귀하가 거주하는 지역의 의사 명단을 구하시려면 국립 안면성형 및 복원수술 연구소(800-475-face). 국제성형 및 복원의사협회 (800-635-0653)또는 전국.

for one example , the placement of the eyes , and broadness of the nose are different between caucasoid humans and african humans.
한 가지 예를 들면 , 눈의 위치와 코의 넓이는 백색 인종과 아프리카 인종 간의 차이점이다.

for years , annie wang wrote her sex and the city-type column.
수년동안 , 애니 왕은 섹스 앤 더 시티류의 칼럼을 집필해 왔습니다.

for as long as man could remember , society had a strict caste system royalty , aristocracy , middle and peasant classes.
인간이 기억할 수 있는 내에 , 사회는 왕족 , 귀족 , 중산층 , 농민으로 된 카이스트제(계급제)를 가지고 있었습니다.

for his efforts he has been referred to as the father of modern observational astronomy.
그의 노력 덕분에 그는 현대 관찰 천문학의 아버지라 불린다.

for such reasons , the chinatown project had many implications for those born , raised and living in korea.
이러한 이유로 차이나타운 계획은 한국에서 태어나 자라고 살고 있는 사람들에게 많은 관련을 가지고 있었습니다.

for further information , call the warrenton ymca at 765-2881.
보다 상세한 사항은 전화 765-2881 워런튼 ymca로 연락 바랍니다.

for whom did you vote in the 1992 election , george bush or bill clinton ?.
1992년 대선 때 조지 부시한테 투표했니 아니면 빌 클린턴한테 투표했니 ?.

for honor thy father , gay talese established an unusually close relationship with organized crime figures.
당신의 아버지께 영광을을 쓰기 위해 , 게이 탤리스는 조직 범죄단 거물들과 보기 드물게 친밀한 관계를 맺기도 했습니다.

for convenience , we divide the earth into twenty-four time zones.
편의상 , 우리는 지구를24개의 시간대로 나눈다.

for immediate consideration , please send your resume to : plant manager box 2135 youngstown , oh all applications will be kept strictly confidential.
즉시 고려해 볼 수 있도록 이력서를 다음 주소로 보내 주십시오 : 플랜트 매니저 사서함 2135 영스타운 , 오하이오 모든 지원 서류는 극비로 처리합니다.

for news about recent changes , press five.
최근 변동 사안에 관한 소식은5번을 누르십시오.

for example , i provide treats for everyone - free bagels and muffins on fridays , and cookies on wednesdays.
예를 들어 저는 모든 직원들에게 간식 , 즉 금요일에는 베이글과 머핀 , 수요일에는 쿠키를 제공합니다.

for example , do not store propane cylinders and oxygen cylinders together.
예를 들어 프로판 가스 실린더와 산소 실린더를 함께 보관해서는 안 됩니다.

for example , in one african tribe both men and women are feminine and not violent.
예를 들어 , 한 아프리카 부족은 남녀가 모두 다 여성스럽고 비폭력적입니다.

for example , in 19th century america the typical workday was twice as long as it is today.
예를 들어 19세기 미국의 전형적인 근무일은 오늘날의 2배에 가까웠다.

for example , the university of texas at austin has 14 colleges and schools.
예를 들면 , 오스틴에 있는 텍사스 대학교에는 14개의 단과대학과 스쿨이있다.

for example , you might want to add a favorite slogan , or your company's contact information , to the bottom of every message.
예를 들어 , 좋아하는 슬로건이나 회사의 연락처를 모든 메시지의 하단에 추가하실 수 있습니다.

for example , it comprises the rts and cts signals in an rs-232 environment , as well as tdm and fdm techniques for multiplexing data on a line.
예를 들면 , 이 계층은 rs-232 환경에서 rts와 cts뿐만 아니라 회선에 데이터를 멀티플렉싱하는 tdm 및 fdm 기술로 구성됩니다.

for example , children are seldom told exactly how babies come into being.
예를들면 , 아이들은 어떻게 아이가 태어나는지 좀처럼 정확히 말하지 않는다.

for example , eating breakfast may modulate short-term metabolic responses to fasting , cause changes in neurotransmitter concentrations or simply eliminate the distracting physiological effects of hunger.
예를 들어 , 아침식사를 함으로써 공복에 대한 단기 신진대사 반응들이 완화될 수 있으며 , 신경전달물질의 농도를 변화시키거나 혹은 허기로 인한 생리적 반작용들을 해소할 수 있다는 것이다.

for example , football players , rock climbers , river rafters , and hockey players all wear helmets.
예를 들어 , 축구 선수들 , 암벽 등반가 , 강에서 리프팅하는 사람들 그리고 하키 선수들은 모두 헬멧을 쓴다.

for example , approximately 71 , 000 years ago , mount toba in sumatra erupted enough ash into the atmosphere that layers of this ash are still present in the geologic record today.
예를 들어 , 약 71 , 000년 전에 , 수마트라섬의 토바산은 화산재 층이 아직도 오늘날 지질학 기록에 존재할 정도로 충분한 화산재를 대기 중으 로 폭발시켰습니다.

for example have you ever heard of a liger ?.
예를 들어서 , 라이거에 대해서 들어봤나요 ?.

for example low levels of self esteem.
예를 들면 낮은 자부심이다.

for complete coverage in residential units , smoke detectors should be installed in all rooms , halls , storage areas , basements , and attics in each family living unit.
연기 감지기는 전 주거지를 망라할 수 있도록 각 가정의 방 , 복도 , 창고 , 지하실 , 다락에 설치되어야 합니다.

for boys : modern dandy hair style when it comes to great looking hairstyles , why should girls have all the fun ?.
남자들을 위해 : 현대적인 댄디 헤어 스타일 멋져 보이는 헤어스타일에 왜 여자들만 즐거워해야할까 ?.

for similar reasons , south korea film professionals also oppose the fta.
한국의 영화인들 역시 똑같은 이유로 자유 무역 협정에 반대하고 있습니다.

for dishes and the like , first scrape burnable food scraps into the campfire pit or put them in a plastic bag to be carried out.
접시 따위는 우선 음식 찌꺼기 중 불에 타는 것을 모아 모닥불 피웠던 구멍에 넣거나 비닐 봉지에 담아 놓으십시오.

for instance , people who see their success as a test or game and who are dependant on their own skill (internal control) are more likely to work harder and improve their abilities.
예를 들어 , 그들의 성공을 시험이나 게임으로 간주하는 사람들 그리고 그들 자신의 능력(내적 지배)에 의지하는 사람들은 좀 더 열심히 일하고 , 그들의 능 력을 좀 더 개발시킬 가능성이 있다.

for romantic dinners , however , they choose shrimp and lobster.
그러나 , 낭만적인 저녁을 위해 , 새우나 바다가재를 선택한다.

for 20th century americans , it was the skyscraper that best embodied the power and progress that defined their era.
미국인들은 20세기 미국의 힘과 진보를 구체화하는 고층 건물들을 지었습니다.

for flash photography , set the aperture at f.5.6.
플래시 사진을 찍을 때는 조리개를 f. 5. 6에 맞춰라.

for bookings and further information call andrew at 739-4341.
등록 및 기타 사항은 전화 739-4341에 앤드류를 찾아 주십시오.

for downhill skiing , mont ste.
활강 스키를 위해서 , mont ste.

for hikers who travel rough trails and a variety of backcountry terrain.
거친 등산로와 다양한 오지 지형을 등산하는 하이커용.

for bavarian layer , place gelatin in cold water to soften.
바바리안 층을 만들기 위해 , 젤라틴을 찬물에 담가 부드럽게 하세요.

for conformation , sign on this paper please.
확인을 위해 서류 위에 서명해 주십시오.

for 34-year-old transportation worker masahiko yamazaki and housewife sachiko , the money , courtesy of grandparents , was well-spent and not just for the memories.
운송업자인 34세의 야마자키 마사히코 씨와 전업 주부인 사치코 씨는 조부모에게 받은 돈을 유용하게 쓴 것이고 , 단지 추억을 남기기 위해서만은 아니라고 합니다.

for offline orders , call this number.
오프라인 주문은 이 번호로 (전화를) 하세요.

for pity's sake , save the poor fellow. or spare him out of pity.
가엾게 여기시고 그 자를 살려 주세요.

study of feasibility analysis of apartment project focused on characteristics of planning under influence of redemption.
차입금 상환 하의 공동주택 계획특성에 따른 타당성 분석에 관한 연구.

study of preventive maintenance for air conditioning facilities.
효율적인 공조설비의 유지관리 방안소개.

study on the solar flux on facade variation in apartment housing.
공동주택의 입면 변화에 따른 일사량 분석.

study on the performance analysis of long-term field test of various solar thermal system for heating protected horticulture system.
시설원예 난방을 위한 태양열시스템의 장기성능 비교분석 연구.

study on the cases and features of chair design inducing the participation of users.
사용자 참여를 유도하는 의자디자인의 사례와 특성에 관한 연구.

study on the numerical analysis for microenvironments in bed mattress.
침대 메트리스의 미환경을 위한 수치해석적 연구.

study on the vibration control of footbridge by using tuned mass damper(tmd).
tuned mass damper(tmd)를 이용한 보도교의 진동제어에 대한 연구.

study on the comparison of urban planning from according to the view of nature within the socialism and capitalism.
사회주의 사상과 자본주의 사상 내에서 자연관의 차이에 따른 도시계획의 비교에 관한 연구.

study on the simulation of heat pump heating and cooling systems to resident building.
숙박업소 건물의 히트펌프 냉난방 시스템 적용을 위한 시뮬레이션 연구.

study on the reuse of the casting foundry fly ash.
주물공장에서 배출되는 플라이애쉬의 재활용에 관한 연구(최종).

study on earthquake resistance of concrete multistory frames with soft-first story used prc confined columns.
저층부에 prc 횡 구속 기둥을 사용한 연약층 철근 콘크리트 골조의 내진.

study on development of soil cement brick and validity for , its application.
마사토벽돌의 개발 및 그 시공의 타당성에 관한 연구(ii) : 기초연구를 바탕으로 고찰한 응용연구.

study on optimal locomotive scheduling problem.
동력차 및 중장거리 동차 운용스케줄의 최적화에 관한 연구(연도).

study on continuous and intermittent heating in residential house.
주택의 연속난방 및 간헐난방식 비교 연구.

study on fluctuation of static pressure in scroll casing of centrifugal fan.
원심팬용 스크롤 케이싱 내부의 정압변동에 관한 연구.

study for the tourist information system to incite ambulatory tourism - in the case of namwon city.
보행관광을 유도하기 위한 관광정보제공체계의 구축방안에 관한 연구.

study state computer simulation of simplified refrigeration system.
간단한 냉동시스템의 정상상태 컴퓨터 시뮬레이션 모델.

money is an orator.
돈은 웅변가다. (서양속담 , 돈속담).

money is merely a convenient medium of exchange-nothing more and nothing less.
돈은 단지 편리한 교환의 매개물이며 그 이상도 그 이하도 아니다.

money in a sense is a coward.
돈은 어떤 의미에서 겁쟁이이다.

could he hack it in the army ?.
그는 군생활에 적응할 수 있을까 ?.

could not allocate enough memory for data initialization.
데이터 초기화에 필요한 메모리를 할당할 수 없습니다.

could you do something for me , dan ?.
날 위해서 무엇 좀 해 주시겠어요 , 댄 ?.

could you please send another attachment ?.
첨부 파일을 다시 보내주시겠습니까 ?.

could you please fasten your seat belt ?.
안전벨트를 매주시겠습니까 ?.

could you tell me a little about your previous work experience ?.
이전의 경력에 대해 좀 더 이야기주시겠어요 ?.

could you tell me how to find the nearest pharmacy ?.
가장 가까운 약국이 어디 있는지 좀 가르쳐 주시겠습니까 ?.

could you check the authenticity of this check , please ?.
이 수표를 (부도 수표인지) 확인해 주시겠습니까 ?.

could you lead our clients into our display room ?.
우리 고객들을 진열실로 안내할래요 ?.

could you hand me those pliers ? i am trying to unscrew this nut.
그 뺀찌 좀 건네줄래 ? 이 너트를 뽑으려고 해.

could you fill this prescription for me ?.
이 처방전대로 약을 지어 주세요.

might it not be better to relegate the king to a purely ceremonial function ?.
그는 그 사건을 마음 한구석으로 밀쳐 버렸다.

above.
상방에.

above.
위에.

above the outer corner of each eye are the almond-sized lacrimal glands.
양 눈의 바깥쪽 윗부분에는 아몬드 크기의 눈물샘양 눈의 바깥쪽 윗부분에는 아몬드 크기의 눈물샘이 있습니다.

clouds are floating in the sky.
하늘에는 구름이 떠다니고 있다.

clouds are formed by the upward moving of air.
구름은 대기의 상층부로의 이동에 의해 형성된다.

boy , are you up a creek.
이봐 자네 곤경에 처해있나 ?.

baby kangaroos live in a pocket or pouch on their mothers' stomachs.
아기 캥거루는 어미의 배에 달린 주머니 속에서 산다.

many are still mired in local tra- ditions , arcane regulations and rampant corruption.
많은 사람들이 아직 그 지방 특유의 전통과 난해한 규정들 , 그리고 만연하는 부패의 늪에 빠져 있다.

many thanks for edward gasset's excellent article ups downs of marketing on-line (june 18 issue).
" 온라인 마케팅의 좋은 면과 나쁜 면 " (6월 18일자)이라는 제목의 에드워드 가제트의 훌륭한 기사를 잘 읽었습니다.

many people at the funeral service were wearing black armbands.
그 장례식에 참석한 많은 사람들이 검은 상장을 두르고 있었다.

many people look upon the world as a dichotomy between good and evil.
많은 사람들이 선과 악이라는 이분법으로 세상을 바라본다.

many people thought his library job was mundane , but he found that being around so many books stirred his creativity.
많은 사람들이 그가 도서관에서 일하는 것이 평범하다고 생각했지만 , 그는 그처럼 많은 책에 둘러싸여 자신의 창의성이 자극을 받는 것을 느 꼈다.

many people believe that execution has no place in the penal system of a civilized society.
많은 사람들이 사형은 문명화된 사회의 형벌 제도 내에서 설 자리가 없다고 생각한다.

many people oppose the death penalty because of the possibility of miscarriage of justice.
오판 가능성 때문에 많은 사람들이 사형에 반대한다.

many parents may baulk at the idea of paying $100 for a pair of shoes.
많은 부모들이 신발 한 켤레 값으로 100달러를 준다는 생각에는 멈칫거려질 것이다.

many parents deny themselves so that their children can have the best.
자녀들에게 좋은 것만을 주기 위해서 부모들은 자신들을 많이 절제한다.

many of the trees , chestnuts , thorns , an occasional lilac , were already in blossom and the river glittered in the sunlight.
많은 나무와 밤나무 , 가시나무 , 라일락 꽃들이 이미 피어있었고 강물은 햇빛에 빛났다.

many of the ingredients for antiseptics come from the rainforests.
방부제의 많은 성분이 열대우림에서 얻어진다.

many of the scenes feel shapeless and flat ? they are not ended , but abandoned.
많은 장면들이 엉성하고 단조로우며 감칠나게 마무리 짓지 않고 그냥 내버려두었다.

many of those who participated in the survey commented afterward that several of the questions were unclear or ambiguous.
조사에 참여했던 사람들 가운데 상당수가 일부 질문들이 명확하지 않거나 애매모호했다고 나중에 말했다.

many of those products are imposed from neighboring turkey.
이런 석유제품의 대부분은 이웃나라인 터키에서 들여옵니다.

many of his comrades were killed in the battle.
그의 동료 중 많은 사람들이 그 전투에서 사망했다.

many of dickens' novels were published in serial form.
디킨즈의 소설들 중에는 연속물 형태로 출판된 것들이 많다.

many think of themselves as patriots when they are clueless as to what patriotism really is.
애국이 뭔지도 모르면서 애국자를 자처하는 사람들이 많다.

many see parker as the obvious leader , whose voluble style works well on tv.
많은 이들이 파커를 명백한 지도자로 보고 있는데 , 그의 말 잘하는 스타일이 tv에서 효과가 좋기 때문이다.

many car accidents arise from carelessness.
부주의로 많은 자동차 사고가 발생한다.

many language usage and style manuals are out-of-date before they make it to the market.
많은 어법과 문체에 대한 입문서는 시장에 나오기 전에 낡은 것 이 된다.

many animals rely on concealment for protection.
많은 동물들이 몸을 숨기는 것에 의존하여 스스로를 보호한다.

many say the body shop has become a victim of its own success.
많은 이들은 바디샵이 스스로 성공의 희생양이 되었다고 지적합니다.

many soldiers were killed in the ambush by the enemies.
많은 병사들이 적의 매복 공격에 희생되었다.

many officials are questioning the wisdom of the administration's recent decision.
많은 관리들은 정부가 최근 내린 결정이 과연 현명했는가에 대해 의문을 제기하고 있다.

many countries also moved to a shorter week , including the soviet union , which , in 1967 , reduced its workweek from six days to five.
또한 소련을 포함한 많은 나라들이 주당 근로일수의 단축을 시행했는데 소련은 1967년 주당 근로일을 6일에서 5일로 줄였습니다.

many species of trees secrete toxic materials into the soil to inhibit the growth of and competition from other plant species.
많은 종의 나무들은 유독 물질을 토양에 분비해 다른 종의 성장을 억제하고 경쟁을 막는다.

many species of trees secrete toxic substances into the soil to inhibit the growth of and competition from other plant species.
많은 종의 나무들은 유독 물질을 토양에 분비해 다른 종의 성장을 억제하고 경쟁을 막는다.

many scientists are trying to predict earthquakes , but these predictions are very uncertain.
많은 과학자들이 지진을 예측하기 위해서 애를 쓴다. 하지만 이 예측은 그다지 확실치가 않다.

many others are missing - hundreds are wounded , and at least three thousand are homeless.
또한 많은 사람들이 실종됐고 , 수 백명이 부상했으며 , 적어도 3천 명의 이재민이 발생했습니다.

many others would soon follow. between 1492 and 1520 alone , at least 50 sailing vessels sank in and around the caribbean.
그 이후로는 선박 침몰 사건이 잇따라 발생했는데 , 1492년 과 1520년 사이에만 적어도 50척의 선박이 카리브해와 이 인근에서 침몰되었습니다.

many others would soon follow. between 1492 and 1520 alone , at least 50 sailing vessels sank in and around the caribbean.
그 이후로는 선박 침몰 사건이 잇따라 발생했는데 , 1492년 과 1520년 사이에만 적어도 50척의 선박이 카리브해와 이 인근에서 침몰되었습니 다.

many parts of what he said were hard to comprehend.
그의 말에는 납득하기 어려운 대목이 많았다.

many believe the change will help reinvigorate the unstable economy.
많은 사람들이 이 변화가 불안한 경제를 되살릴 것이라고 믿고 있습니다.

many chinese believe that powdered rhinoceros horn will cure various afflictions.
많은 중국인들은 코뿔소 뿔의 가루가 여러 가지 질병을 치유할 수 있다고 믿는다.

many young people answered that they feel alienated and say society is hostile and unfriendly.
많은 젊은이들이 소외감을 느끼며 사회가 자신들을 적대시하고 비우호적이라고 응답했다.

many high school boys are still tied to their mothers' apron strings.
고등학생이 되어도 여전히 어머니에게 매달린 남학생이 많다.

many food rations for soldiers come in cans.
군인을 위한 식량은 캔으로 배급된다.

many husbands still demand exact obedience from their wives.
많은 남편들이 아직도 아내로부터 엄중한 복종을 요구한다.

many goods that are obsolete but still workable are donated.
구식이지만 여전히 사용할 수 있는 많은 물건들이 기증된다.

many tiny bugs like an ant framed around the windowsill.
개미 같은 많은 작은 벌레들이 창틀 둘레에 테를 두르고 있었다.

many indian towns are suffering prolonged power blackouts and water shortages.
많은 인도 지역들이 계속되는 정전과 물부족 사태에 힘겨워 하고 있다.

many houses collapsed in the earthquake.
많은 가옥이 지진으로 도괴되었다.

many colors have universal emotional meaning.
많은 색깔들이 만인 공통의 정서적 의미를 지니고 있다.

many tourists believe the grand canyon is america's greatest natural treasure.
많은 여행객들은 그랜드 캐년이 미국의 가장 훌륭한 천연 관광지라고 생각한다.

many families are living below the level of subsistence.
많은 가정들이 최저 생활수준 이하로 살아가고 있다.

many online programs founded during the internet boom did little but hemorrhagemoney.
많은 온라인 과정들이 인터넷 붐과 함께 생겨났다가 엄청난 돈만 쏟아 붓고 마는 결과를 낳았다.

many online booking sites can not say whether rooms are available for requested dates.
온라인 예약 사이트 중 다수는 요청 날짜에 객실이용이 가능한지를 알려주지 못하고 있다.

many apocalyptic remarks are simply a hypothesis.
많은 종말론적 말들은 가설일 뿐이다.

many analysts say a new breed of investors from middle east countries is on the lookout for investment opportunities abroad.
많은 분석가들은 중동의 신세대 투자가들이 해외에서 투자 기회를 찾고 있다고 말했습니다.

many shops do not open on sundays.
일요일에는 많은 가게들이 열지 않는다.

many apartments were large enough , but the landlords objected to the large family.
많은 아파트들이 충분히 컸지만 집주인들은 그 대가족을 반대했습니다.

many witnesses insisted that the accident had taken place on the crosswalk.
많은 목격자들은 그 사고가 횡단 보도에서 발생했다고 주장했다.

many politicians are often assumed to be a crook.
사람들은 보통 많은 정치가들이 사기꾼이라고 생각한다.

many astro biologists focus on finding the best ways to search for life on other planets , aiming to answer questions about life in space :.
많은 우주 생물학자들은 우주의 생명에 대한 답에 대답하는 것을 목표로 다른 행성의 생명을 연구하기 위한 가장 좋은 방법들을 찾는데 초점을 맞춥니다 :.

many conservative parents are hard as granite.
보수적인 우리 부모님은 아주 완고하다.

many voters said they planned to cast abstention votes to protest the government of thaksin shinawatra , who stepped aside as prime minister after calling snap elections on april 2nd.
많은 유권자들은 지난 4월2일의 조기 총선거를 발표한 후 총리직에서 사임한 탁신 치나왓 총리 정부에 항의하기 위해 기권표를 던질 계획이라고 말했습니 다.

many airlines are working to make their food more palatable.
많은 항공사들이 기내 음식을 더 맛있게 하려고 노력 중이다.

many jazz musicians congregated in the square.
많은 재즈 음악가들이 광장에 모였다.

many lawmakers agree on the need for new immigration laws , but differ on the specific changes.
상당수 의원들은 새로운 이민법의 필요성에 공감하고 있지만 구체적 내용에 대해서는 의견을 달리 하고 있습니다.

many travelers visit this village to watch the triennial festival.
3년마다 한번씩 열리는 페스티발을 보기 위해서 많은 관갱객들이 이 마을을 방문한다.

many subcultures are often seen as constantly evolving , as their members attempt to remain one step ahead of the dominant culture.
많은 하위 문화는 그 구성원들이 주류 문화보다 한발 앞서 나가려 하면서 계속해 진화하는 것처럼 보이는 경우가 흔히 있다.

many african-americans have problems with diabetes and high cholesterol , conditions that are worsened by a high-fat diet.
흑인들 대다수는 당뇨병을 앓고 있고 콜레스테롤이 높은데 이런 증상은 지방이 많은 음식을 섭취하기 때문에 더욱 악화되고 있어요.

many economists say what china is really short of are skilled people , especially managers.
많은 경제전문가들은 중국에 진짜로 부족한 것은 숙련된 인력 , 특히 관리자라고 말합니다.

many jamaicans cornrow their hair.
많은 자메이카인들은 머리를 가늘게 여러 가닥으로 땋는다.

many complementary and alternative treatments are touted as good options for controlling chronic pain.
만성적인 통증을 다스리는데 좋은 방법으로 많은 보조/대체 치료법들이 권장되고 있다.

many hares turn white in winter.
많은 산토끼들이 겨울에는 하얗게 변합니다.

many heterosexuals still mistakenly think of aids as being a homosexual disease.
많은 이성애자들이 아직도 aids를 동성애자들의 질병이라고 잘못 생각하고 있다.

many notables came to the president's reception.
대통령의 초대연에 많은 명사들이 참가하였다.

students from the provinces for the most part found lodging near their school.
지방에서 올라온 학생들은 주로 학교 주변에서 하숙을 했다.

students were also responsible for creating a powerpoint presentation for the show , designing posters and tickets , selling tickets , making a slogan (around the world in 11/2 hours ! ) , and choreographing all the dance moves.
학생들은 또한 그 발표회에 대한 파워포인트 발표 창작 , 포스터와 티켓 디자인 , 티켓 판매 , 슬로건(한 시간 반 안에 돌아본 세상 ! ) 만들기 , 그.

students were also responsible for creating a powerpoint presentation for the show , designing posters and tickets , selling tickets , making a slogan (around the world in 11/2 hours ! ) , and choreographing all the dance moves.
리고 모든 춤동작의 안무에 책임이 있다.

students involved in all forms of college athletics.
온갖 형태의 대학 운동 경기를 하는 학생들.

read this notice before driving this vehicle. this car is equipped with power steering.
이 자동차를 운전하기 전에 다음 주의 사항을 읽으십시오. 이 자동차에는 파워 핸들이 장착되어 있습니다.

read up about the sumerian story of creation.
수메르인의 이야기의 창조물에 대해서 읽어보아라.

read or watch television until you become drowsy and fall asleep naturally.
졸려워질 때까지 글을 읽거나 텔레비전을 보면서 자연스럽게 잠드십시오.

read it over and understand it thoroughly.
몇 번이고 다시 읽어서 완벽하게 이해하거라.

read his diary carefully and check out his interests.
그의 일기를 잘 읽고 , 그의 관심사들을 알아봅시다.

jealous husbands who kill their partners in a rage because they have been unfaithful will no longer be able to plead provocation.
바람을 핀 배우자를 분노인해 죽인 질투심에 휩싸인 남편들은 더이상 그 도발을 변호 할 수 없을 것이다.

sure.
확실하다.

sure.
네. 그거 좋겠군요..

sure , do you want pepperoni or mushroom ?.
물론이죠 , 페페로니로 드릴까요 , 아니면 버섯으로 드릴까요 ?.

sure , people cheat on each other.
물론 , 사람들은 서로서로 속인다.

sure , it's 139 park avenue , new york city. the zip code is 10025.
네 , 뉴욕시 , 파크 애버뉴 139번지예요. 우편 번호는 10025구요.

sure , use this phone. just dial nine for an outside line.
그러세요 , 이 전화 쓰세요. 외부 전화는 9번을 누르세요.

sure to delight both new and longtime fans , the.
어떤 아기들은 진짜로 태어나는 순간부터 엄지손가락을 빠는 버릇을 지니고 있으며 , 이런 아이들의 엄지손가락 빠는 버릇은 오래갈 것이 분 명하다고 말씀드릴 수 있습니다.

yesterday.
어제.

yesterday.
어저께.

yesterday.
작일.

yesterday i solicited e-mails about mel gibson (what you would like to say to him) and i was flooded with responses.
어제 멜 깁슨에 대해 하고 싶은 말을 이메일로 보내 달라고 요청했더니 답장이 쇄도했네요.

yesterday a shaft of light cut into the darkness.
어제 한 줄기 서광이 어둠을 밝혔습니다.

yesterday , the injection was in the cervical vertebrae.
어제 , 주입이 목척추에 있었다.

yesterday the president showed the first signs of wobbling over the issue.
어제 대통령이 그 쟁점에 대해 처음으로 주저하는 기색을 보였다.

finish with a fitted polo shirt and flats or sandals.
딱 붙는 폴로 셔츠에 굽 없는 신발이나 샌들로 마무리한다.

back.
뒤.

back.
뒤쪽.

back.
등.

back.
계정을 으로 설정하면 , 콜백 번호를 입력해야 합니다. 번호를 입력하거나 , 계정을 또는 으로 설정하십시오.

back to basics before you start a tricky question.
까다로운 문제를 풀기 전에 기본으로 돌아가자.

major challenges of the reorganization of national land-use planning system to rural planning.
국토계획체계의 개편과 농촌계획의 과제.

major disruptions of traffic are feared due to the strike of the subway union.
지하철 노조의 파업으로 교통 대란이 우려된다.

tell me all the details of your situation step by step.
앞뒤 사정을 차근차근 말해 보세요.

tell me about his virtuess and shortcomings.
그의 장점과 단점을 말해봐라.

tell me more about yourself , miss benton.
벤튼양 , 자기 소개를 해보십시오.

tell us your name for openers.
먼저 이름부터 말해 보아라.

tell papa. i will not tell anyone.
자 , 말해 봐. 아무에게도 말 안 할게.

give me a tinkle before you leave for europe.
유럽으로 떠나기 전에 전화를 주십시오.

give it to me straight.
있는 그대로 말씀해 주세요.

give way to traffic already on the roundabout.
이미 로터리에 들어서 있는 차량이 먼저 진행하게 하시오.

give animals antibiotics , growth hormones and medications to prevent disease and spur growth.
병을 예방하고 성장을 촉진시키기 위해서는 동물들에게 항생제 , 성장호르몬 , 약물 처방을 해주세요.

show.
드러내다.

show.
쇼.

show times are at two-thirty , five and seven-thirty.
상영 시간은 2시 30분 , 5시 , 7시 30분입니다.

used 1 cup of jack cheese and 1 cup of cheddar cheese.
잭 치즈 1컵과 체다 치즈 1컵을 사용해라.

used paper and cardboard should be placed in the recycling bin.
사용한 종이와 판지는 재활용통에 담아 주십시오.

moving.
감동적.

moving.
감격적.

moving.
뭉클하다.

moving to a new house or apartment can be stressful.
새 집이나 아파트로 이사하는 것은 힘든 일입니다.

moving on to the toning component of your outdoor workout , begin with the legs.
다리로 시작하여 야외 운동의 토닝 요소로 넘어가세요.

another bus has nearly arrived , and it's just about empty.
다른 버스가 바로 오는데 거의 빈차야.

another great contribution came from the export of refurbished medical device.
수출에 크게 기여한 또 다른 분야는 면모를 일신한 의료 장비의 수출이다.

another u.s. national held hostage in iraq is reported dead.
이라크에서 인질로 잡혔던 또 한 명의 미국인이 사망한 것으로 보도됐습니다.

another behavior technique is known as aversive conditioning.
또다른 행동 기법은 혐오 유발법으로 알려져있다.

another recent trend is the kickboard , a close relative of the scooter.
얼마 전 스쿠터의 사촌격인 킥보드가 선을 보여 또 유행하고 있습니다.

another important happening was the emergence of some female role models.
또 다른 중요한 일은 여성 역할모델들의 출현이었죠.

another apartment will be vacated in a month.
또 다른 아파트는 한 달 후에 빕니다.

another example of asexual reproduction is the fragmentation of starfish.
무성 생식의 다른 예는 해파리의 무사 분열입니다.

another response to cold is shivering , which generates heat.
다른 하나는 열을 생성해내기 위해 몸을 떠는 것이다.

another possible breach of security in the u.s. , this time.
또 한 건의 기밀 보안 사고가 이번에는 미국에서 발생한 것 같습니다.

another close relative of the piranha , called pacu (singular and plural) , is not so scary.
다른 피라냐의 가까운 동족은 pacu 라고 불리는데 그렇게 무섭지는 않다.

another close relative of the piranha , called pacu (singular and plural) , is not so scary.
child의 복수형은 children이다.

another american soldier was accused of dereliction of duty for failing to report the rape and murders.
또 다른 병사 한 명은 그같은 강간과 살인에 대해 보고하지 않은 근무 태만 혐의로 기소됐습니다.

another advantage of buying from a catalog is convenience - it's so easy.
카탈로그를 통해 사는 또 다른 장점은 편리함이다. 즉 , 매우 쉽다.

another version of this custom says that one leaf is enough.
나뭇잎에 관한 또 다른 관습은 나뭇잎 하나면 충분하다.

another teen aboard the skiff was injured , authorities said.
보트에 승선한 또다른 십대가 부상을 입었다고 관계자가 밝혔다.

another researcher wants to set up huge fans along the shore to blow the storms back out to sea.
또 다른 과학자는 해변을 따라 거대한 팬을 설치하여 태풍을 바다로 되돌려 보내자고 합니다.

another insect that causes severe problems are locusts.
심각한 문제들을 일으키는 또다른 곤충은 메뚜기들이다.

another poster describes the symbolic american character , uncle sam , carving up south korea like a pie.
또 다른 포스터에는 미국의 상징적인 캐릭터인 엉클 샘이 한국을 마치 파이처럼 먹어치우는 모습이 담겨 있습니다.

another imaging technique , known as electron microscopy , uses beams of electrons to view samples at magnifications far greater than standard light microscopy.
또 다른 이미지 기술 , 전자 현미경으로 알려진 것은 일반 빛의 현미경 보다 훨씬 큰 확대로 샘플을 보도록 전자 빔을 사용합니다.

another big-budget comic-book sequel will also try to ride spider-man's coattails this summer.
큰 예산을 들인 또 한편의 만화책의 속편이 스파이더맨의 후광을 입고 이번 여름에 출시될 것이다.

city life can seem empty at times.
도시 생활은 때때로 허전한거 같애요.

city inspectors cited the owners of the facility for fourteen building code violations.
시 감독관들은 14가지의 건축 규정을 위반한 시설 소유자들에게 소환장을 발부했다.

city councilman antonio villaraigosa claimed to become the city's first latino mayor in more than a century.
안토니오 비야라이고사 시의원은 로스엔젤레스에서 백여년 만에 처음으로 라틴계 시장이 될 것이라 장담했습니다.

down below , another of the candidates , angelica gonzales , gets a makeover.
그 아래에서는 또 다른 후보인 앙헬리카 곤살레스 양이 몸치장에 한창입니다.

sorry.
죄송하지만 , 입어볼 수 없습니다..

sorry.
조금 더 기다려 주세요. 죄송합니다..

sorry.
아쉽다.

sorry i am late. there was a hold-up on the motorway.
늦어서 미안해요. 고속도로에서 정체가 있었어요.

sorry to hear of your illness. best wishes for a speedy recovery.
편찮으시다니 심심한 유감의 뜻을 전하며 , 신속한 쾌유를 기원합니다.

sorry to bother you , but are you ted ?.
귀찮게 해서 죄송합니다만 , 테드 씨이십니까 ?.

sorry to keep bothering you , but are the blueprints ready yet ?.
계속 귀찮게 해서 미안한데요 , 청사진 아직 준비 안됐어요 ?.

sorry ! i did not know i was speeding.
죄송합니다 ! 과속인 줄 몰랐어요.

let the wind fill the sail ! pull up the anchor !.
돛에 바람을 받게 하라 ! 닻을 올려라 !.

let me go.
나 갈게.

let me have a drag on your cigarette , ok ?.
네 담배 한 모금만 , 괜찮지 ?.

let me think it over till tomorrow.
내일까지 생각하게 해 주시오.

let me ask you some specific questions.
구체적인 질문 몇 가지 드리겠습니다.

let me check it.
확인해 볼게.

let me add a few words in conclusion.
마지막으로 몇 마디만 더하겠습니다.

let me put you in the first tier of the balcony.
발코니 좌석의 첫 번째 줄로 해 드리죠.

let me introduce the korean alphabet.
한국의 알파벳을 소개해 줄게.

let me introduce myself to you , i am mina.
제가 여러분에게 제 소개를 하겠습니다. 저는 민아입니다.

let me wish you a speedy return to health.
하루 빨리 전쾌하시기를 빕니다.

let me begin today by saying that the korean economy is basically a capitalistic economy.
오늘 제가 한국경제는 기본적으로 시장경제라는 점을 말씀드리겠습니다.

let me repeat that the sole option was not always closure.
유일한 해결책이 항상 폐쇄하는 것이 아니라고 계속 상기시켜주세요.

let me reiterate that we are fully committed to this policy.
거듭 말씀드리지만 저희는 이 정책에 완전히 전념하고 있습니다.

let it be said that it's a revolutionary way to extend your life.
말하자면 당신의 수명을 늘일 수 있는 혁명적인 방법이다.

let us all pray for her soul.
우리 모두 그녀의 혼을 위해 기도하자.

let us labor for a better future.
보다 나은 장래를 위해 노력하자.

let us regard the money as gone.
그 돈은 없어졌다고 치자.

let us cherish and love our language.
우리말을 아끼고 사랑합시다.

let yourself off the hook. guilt is not helpful.
죄책감을 느끼지 마세요. 도움이 안되니까요.

here is a transcript of the letter.
여기에 이 편지 사본이 있다.

here is a newsflash for you all.
여기 당신을 위한 모든 뉴스 속보가 있어요.

here is the first draft of the timeline for the cobblewell company proposal.
아래에 코블웰 사 제안 건을 위한 일정표 초안을 잡아 보았습니다.

here is the milk of kuwait , ' they taunted.
그는 그 남자 애를 놀리는 데서 가학적인 쾌감을 얻었다.

here in the united states , it's legal to clone a human being in all but four states.
미국은 4개 주를 제외한 전국에서 인간 복제를 합법으로 인정하고 있습니다.

here in body , but not in spirit.
마음은 콩밭에 있다.

here in texas we call them ladybugs.
여기 텍사스에서는 그것들을 무당벌레라고 부른다.

here are some answers to frequently asked questions about stem cells.
여기에 줄기세포에 관해 자주 문의되는 질문에 대한 몇몇 대답이 있다.

here are two records that are bubbling under.
여기 대박을 터뜨릴 음반이 두 장 있어요.

here it is. or here you are.
여기 있다.

here we have yoga in session , but we also have aerobic , step , and kickboxing classes daily.
지금은 요가 레슨이 진행되고 있습니다만 , 에어로빅과 댄스 및 킥복싱 레슨도 매일 있습니다.

here lies one whose name was writ in water.
여기 물에 이름을 쓴 사람이 누워 있노라.

information returned from the object picker for object " %1 " was incomplete. the object will not be processed.
%1 개체의 개체 선택기에서 반환된 정보가 완전하지 않습니다. 개체가 처리되지 않을 것입니다.

information supplied by third parties is a valuable source of intelligence on possible non-compliance.
정보는 가능한 비 준수에 지성의 귀중한 원천 타사에서 공급하고 있습니다.

say it in more understandable terms.
좀 더 쉬운 말로 해 줘.

say goodbye to all this and hello to oblivion.
모든 것들에게 잘 가라고 말하고 , 망각에게 안녕이라고 말하라.

apologize , the honorable gentleman shouts from a sedentary position.
명예로운 신사가 앉은 자리에서 사과하라고 아우성치는군요.

stay.
남다.

stay.
체류.

stay away from the wired fences.
철조망에서 떨어져라.

take the red line from chinatown station.
차이나타운 역에서 레드라인을 타세요.

take the tigers down a notch !.
tigers를 쓰러뜨리자 !.

take this picture and keep me in your bosom.
이 사진을 가져가셔서 저를 당신의 가슴 속에 간직해 주십시오.

take this tablet when you run a temperature.
열이 나면 이 알약을 복용해라.

take your overcoat off and pull your sleeves up , please.
겉옷을 벗고 소매를 걷어 주십시오.

take your pick. you can have whichever you like.
하나 골라. 뭐든 맘에 드는 걸 줄께.

take it to a tailor and have it mended.
양복점에 가져가서 고쳐달라고 하세요.

take out the trash ! rake the leaves ! shovel the driveway !" all phrases i dreaded hearing as while growing up.
나는 자라나는 동안 " 쓰레기 버려라 ! 나뭇잎도 치워라 ! 찻길에 눈도 치워라 !" 와 같은 말을 듣기 싫어했다.

take an ample space to sit down.
앉을 자리를 널찍이 잡다.

take ses , finkle , and hot for example !.
ses나 핑클 , hot를 생각해보세요.

start.
시작.

start.
기정.

and i want to sponsor other gamers , give them the life that i had already , the last five years.
또 다른 게이머들을 후원해 지난 5년간 제가 이미 누린 삶을 살 수 있도록 해주고 싶습니다.

and i think that's one of the magical moments of the show , and i think that's why the show does so well.
그게 바로 이 프로의 하이라이트 중 하나이며 , 그 때문에 이 프로가 잘되는 거라고 생각합니다.

and i tried to portray her heartbreaking emotions naturally without any exaggeration or contrivance.
과장이나 가식 없이 자연스럽게 그녀가 느끼는 실연의 아픔을 표현하려고 했습니다.

and i slept through the night for several nights in a row.
그리고 며칠간 줄곧 밤 시간에 제대로 잠을 잤지요.

and do not expose children to secondhand smoke.
또한 , 아이들을 간접흡연으로부터 노출시키지 말아라.

and he even taught his dog moves that only hollywood stuntman can do.
그리고 그는 심지어 개에게 헐리우드 스턴트맨만이 할 수 있는 동작들을 가르쳤어요.

and he runs his words together in a croaky , monotonal convolution.
그 이야기의 기이하게 얽히고설킨 내용.

and , year round the park features ranger-naturalist programs , nature walks , visitor centers and interpretive museum exhibits to please all ages and interests !.
그 외에도 이 공원은 공원 관리원과 함께 하는 자연보호 프로그램 , 자연관찰 산책 , 자료관 및 박물관 전시회 등이 일년 내내 마련돼 있어 노 소를 불문하고 모든 사람들의 흥미를 충족시켜 줍니다.

and , perhaps , if and when they succeed with their plans , wheat and chicken coops will become just as commonplace in manhattan as cosmos and designer shoes.
그리고 아마도 그들이 계획에 성공한다거나 성공했을 때 , 맨하탄에서 밀과 닭장은 코스모스와 디자이너의 신발만큼이나 흔한 일이 될 거예요.

and now they are paying closer attention to the medium of these messages : for although chimp calls indicate emotions like fear and anger , it is chimp gestures that communicate meaning.
그리고 비록 침팬지가 소리지르는 것은 두려움이나 화남같은 감정을 가리키는 것이고 , 의미가 통하는 것은 침팬지끼리이긴 하지만 지금 그들은 의사소통 의 수단을 주목하고 있다.

and now women on every continent are discovering sable.
그리고 이제 모든 대륙의 여성들이 세이블을 찾고 있습니다.

and in the last year or so , boba teahouses have moved beyond their roots in the predominately asian suburbs(l.a.) here.
지난해를 전후해서 보바 찻집들이 본고장인 대만을 떠나 아시아계 사람들이 많이 몰려 사는 이곳(로스앤젤레스) 교외지역으로 옮겨왔다.

and in your book , you criticize the u.s.
그리고 너의 책은 미국을 비판한다.

and in my school in wales , jones is a very , very popular name in wales.
웨일스의 제가 다니던 학교에선 , 존스라는 이름은 웨일스에선 무척 흔해빠진 이름이죠.

and in spike lee's upcoming film she hate me , ling plays a new york lesbian fashion designer.
그리고 개봉을 앞둔 스파이크 리 감독의 쉬 헤이트 미에서 링은 뉴욕의 레즈비언 패션 디자이너를 연기합니다.

and the last person to say anything negative about the eu would be obama ; he's a sooth-sayer.
그리고 eu에 대해서 최후까지 부정적으로 말하는 사람은 오바마일것이다. ; 그는 예언자이다.

and the dollar is used heavily in cross-border bank loans and bond issues.
또한 달러는 금융기관간의 국제 차관대출이나 채권 발행에도 대대적으로 사용된다.

and the combo is contributing heavily to the team's winnings.
그리고 이 두 선수가 팀의 성공에 큰 기여를 했다.

and from an educational standpoint , it's not good for a parent to eat dog meat while the child has a dog for a pet.
그리고 교육적 관점에서 본다면 , 자녀가 애완용으로 개를 기르고 있는데 부모가 개고기를 먹는 것은 좋지 않습니다.

and what about you , miss lim ?.
그렇다면 , 임씨는 어떤가요 ?.

and what if that hub was disguised as a video game machine ?.
그런데 그 허브가 비디오 게임기의 모습을 하고 있다면 어떨까요 ?.

and this commitment , if we keep it , is a way to shared accomplishment.
이러한 선택의 실천 노력을 계속 견지한다면 , 이야말로 공동의 업적을 성취하는 길이 됩니다.

and this retired beijing resident looks forward to brighter prospects.
은퇴한 이 베이징 시민은 좀더 밝은 전망을 고대합니다.

and he's admitted he would find it worrying if the oil cartel , opec , cut its output any further.
또한 그는 석유 카르텔 opec이 조금이라도 더 감산하게 된다면 우려할 상황이 될 것이라고 인정했습니다.

and so the hours continue to tick down to the final.
그리고 그렇게 시간은 끝을 향해 흐르고 있었다.

and how about yourself ? you are cautiously optimistic ?.
주지사님은 어떻습니까 ? 역시 상황을 조심스럽게 낙관하고 계신가요 ?.

and it is axiomatic that language is an efficient vehicle to produce culture.
그리고 언어가 문화를 창출하는 효과적인 수단이라는 것은 자명하다.

and it has a powerful supporter in juan antonio samaranch , the former international olympic committee president.
또한 후안 안토니오 사마란치 전ioc 위원장의 든든한 지지를 얻고 있습니다.

and it has some pretty spiffy special effects.
그리고 그것은 상당히 꽤 세련된 특수 효과를 지닌다.

and they are asking for , you know , the economy size as well.
또한 이코노미 사이즈를 찾는 고객들도 있습니다.

and they say the difference is that each tutor works with only a few students , instead of big classes.
또 교사들은 각 과외 교사들이 학급 전체를 가르치는 게 아니라 단지 몇 명의 학생들만 가르친다는 점에서 차이가 있다고 말합니다.

and london is absolutely chock-a-block with misfits and malcontents.
그리고 , 런던은 부적응자와 불평론자들로 가득차있다.

and there is a strong possibility that an arbitrator will be called in.
그리고 중재인을 초청할 가능성이 아주 높습니다.

and there is , of course , the prize that emerges every december 10th , in the name of alfred nobel , and dreams of peace.
물론 이 곳에는 매년12월 10일이 되면 알프레드 노벨과 , 평화의 꿈이라는 이름으로 상이 수여됩니다.

and there is somehow virgin seemed appropriate.
그래서 아무튼 버진이라는 이름이 좋겠다는 생각이 들었어요.

and all of this does not help president george bush in his bid to extend his term.
이러한 모든 상황은 조지 부시 대통령의 재선 노력에는 도움이 되지 못하고 있습니다.

and all of it is now focused on the candidacy of barack obama.
그리고 지금은 버락 오바마 후보에게 관심이 쏠려있다.

and of course we are all happy.
물론 저희 모두 정말 기쁩니다.

and we are confident in principles that unite and lead us onward.
그리고 우리는 우리를 단결시키고 앞으로 이끌어 주는 원칙들을 확신하고 있습니다.

and we will be stopping in about 30 minutes.
그리고 30분정도 후면 정차할 거예요.

and we all ruminated for a moment.
그리고 우리 모두는 잠시동안 깊이 생각했다.

and our trade with spain is now in surplus.
스페인과의 무역은 흑자로 들어섰다.

and that i want to buy you a loaf of olive bread but i have no money.
그리고 너한테 올리브 빵을 사주고 싶었는데 돈이 없었어.

and can i get mayonnaise and mustard on the side ?.
그리고 마요네즈와 머스터드도 따로 넣어 주실 수 있죠 ?.

and it's certainly better than bondagi (a south korean snack , silkworm larvae).
그리고 그것은 확실히 번데기(한국의 간식 , 누에 유충)보다 낫다.

and make it he did , single-handedly building up a construction firm , and expanding to a shipbuilder , carmaker , and dozens of subsidiaries for korea's largest conglomerate.
그리고 그는 결국 성공을 거두었습니다. 맨손으로 건설회사를 세우고 조선 , 자동차 분야로 사업을 확장시킨 끝에 수십 개의 계열사를 거느린 한국 최대의.

and make it he did , single-handedly building up a construction firm , and expanding to a shipbuilder , carmaker , and dozens of subsidiaries for korea's largest conglomerate.
그리고 그는 결국 성공을 거두었습니다. 맨손으로 건설회사를 세우고 조선 , 자동차 분야로 사업을 확장시킨 끝에 수십 개의 계열사를 거느린.

and make it he did , single-handedly building up a construction firm , and expanding to a shipbuilder , carmaker , and dozens of subsidiaries for korea's largest conglomerate.
한국 최대의 재벌기업을 만들었습니다.

and make it he did , single-handedly building up a construction firm , and expanding to a shipbuilder , carmaker , and dozens of subsidiaries for korea's largest conglomerate.
재벌기업을 만들었습니다.

and those mysterious scratching noises disappear.
이웃집에서는 괴상하게 들릴 이런 박박 긁는 소리도 사라집니다.

and for many americans , canada has been seen as a safe haven.
그리고 캐나다는 예전부터 많은 미국인들에게 안전한 피난처가 되어왔습니다.

and who invented the automobile ? henry ford did.
그리고 누가 자동차를 만들었는가 ? 헨리 포드가 만들었다.

and right this moment i am listening to two weed whackers outside my windows.
그리고 바로 지금 창밖으로 두 대의 예초기 소리를 듣고 있다.

and as camera phones become more common , reports of peeping toms are also rising.
카메라폰이 점점 보편화되면서 관음증 남성들에 관한 보고도 증가하고 있습니다.

and scientists think carbon monoxide thins the ozone layer , which protects us from the sun's rays.
그리고 과학자들은 일산화탄소가 태양광선으로 부터 우리를 보호해주는 물질인 오존층을 얇게 한다고 말한다.

and " peace " is the message of the olive branches cradling the world in the flag of the united nations.
그리고 평화는 유엔 국기 안에서 세계를 안고 있는 올리브 가지의 메시지 입니다.

and his style , then , of sculpted creatures , provides in something the computer images can not.
그리고 보울든 씨가 제작한 가짜 동물들의 스타일은 컴퓨터 이미지로는 불가능한 어떤 것을 제공합니다.

and these are all things you can buy in any supermarket.
이것들은 모두 어느 수퍼마켓에 가든지 살 수 있는 것들입니다.

and since america is by far the most influential trendsetter in the entertainment business , rain's future is looking very bright !.
미국은 연예사업에서 단연 최고로 영향력있는 유행을 선도하는 국가이기 때문에 비의 미래는 무척 밝아 보여요.

and then rosa told her she was pregnant.
그리고 로사는 그녀에게 임신했다고 말하였다.

and each should bring a hat , biking boots , a sleeping bag , and clothes.
그리고 각자 모자 , 등산화 , 침낭 , 그리고 옷을 가져와야 해.

and soon it was announced that austria , satisfied with other changes to the negotiations text , had dropped its objection to full entry talks for turkey.
그리고 이어 협상안에 반영된 변동 사항들에 만족한 오스트리아 측은 터키의 회원국 가입 협상에 대한 반대 입장을 철회했다고 발표했습니다.

and though rockport did not even market them specifically to teens , the shoes have been mentioned in rap songs by wu-tang clan and common cause.
그리고 비록 rockport사가 십대들을 위해 특별히 마케팅을 펼치진 않았지만 , 우탱클랜과 커먼코우즈의 랩송 가사에 그 신발의 이름이 등장한다.

and though rockport did not even market them specifically to teens , the shoes have been mentioned in rap songs by wu-tang clan and common cause.
그리고 비록 rockport사가 십대들을 위해 특별히 마케팅을 펼치진 않았지만 , 우탱클랜과 커먼코우즈의 랩송 가사에 그 신발의 이름이 등장 한다.

and while embracing the coffee culture , russians are turning it into something their own.
커피문화를 받아들였지만 그것을 그들만의 것으로 승화시켰습니다.

and amelia earhart was one of the amazing women.
그리고 아멜리아 에어하트는 놀라운 여성들 중 한 명이었어요.

and distribution.
스쿼럴 믹스드 넛츠와 스쿼럴 디럭스 믹스드 넛츠 제품을 책임지고 있으며 , 이 제품들에 대한 가격 책정 , 포장 , 유통 업무를 맡고 있습니다.

and preliminary research suggests that men with high calcium intake are slightly more vulnerable to prostate cancer.
그리고 예비단계의 연구는 칼슘 섭취량이 많은 남자가 전립선 암에 걸리기 쉽다고 제안했다.

and star player park chu-young failed to make a goal despite several open plays.
또한 인기 선수인 박주영은 여러 오픈 플레이에서 득점에 실패했다.

and pressing the backspace key deletes the character before the insertion point.
백스페이스 키를 누르면 삽입 지점 앞의 문자가 지워집니다.

and here's a list of files i will need pulled.
그리고 여기 찾아야 할 파일 목록이 있어요.

and primitive people wore the costumes made of animal skins or plants.
또한 원시시대 사람들은 동물의 가죽이나 식물로 만들어진 의상을 입었다.

and josie's initial reaction to this is hostile and antagonistic.
그리고 이건에 대한 josie의 첫 반응은 강력히 반대하는 적대적인 적인 것이다.

and burberry says a project scheduled with moss this autumn has been canceled by mutual agreement.
또한 버버리 사도 이번 가을로 예정된 모스와의 프로젝트를 상호 합의 하에 취소한다고 밝혔습니다.

and bowman was so right !.
그리고 보우먼이 옳았어요 !.

and secondly i think i did have a few very , very popular ballad songs and that's why.
그리고 둘째로 제 발라드 곡들 중 몇 곡이 아주 큰 인기를 얻었기 때문이라고 생각합니다.

and ethically speaking , making a defective animal is one thing ; making a defective human being is quite another.
그리고 윤리적 차원에서 말하자면 , 결함이 있는 동물을 만드는 것과 결함이 있는 인간을 만드는 것은 별개의 문제라는 것입니다.

rather , underwater earthquakes and volcanic eruptions are the cause.
해저 지진이나 화산 폭발이 그 원인이다.

fishing boats are moored at the dock.
포구에는 어선들이 정박해 있다.

visit museums and galleries to develop an appreciate of art.
예술 감상력을 계발하려면 박물관과 화랑을 찾아라.

sunday lunch with the in-laws has become something of a ritual.
시댁 식구들과 함께 일요일 점심 식사를 하는 것이 하나의 의식처럼 되었다.

sunday afternoon was highly inconvenient for many regular attendees.
일요일 오후는 많은 정규 참석자들에게 매우 불편하였다.

was the theater as big as the church ?.
그 극장은 교회만큼 컸니 ?.

was this you ? ha ha ha.
이것이 너였니 ? 하하하.

was it a worthwhile educational experience ?.
그것이 과연 교육적으로 할 가치가 있는 일인가 ?.

was that our old boss , mr. samson , i saw in here earlier ?.
아까 여기서 본 사람이 우리 상사였던 샘슨 씨죠 ?.

was anybody hurt in the train crash ?.
열차 충돌 사고 때 누구 다친 사람 있나요 ?.

call barring (cb) supplementary service - stage 3.
imt2000 3gpp - 호제한 부가서비스 ; 3단계.

did.
? 었다.

did.
누가 사이먼을 죽였어 ?.

did.
나는 그것을 되풀이했다..

did i ever mention how beautiful you were ?.
당신이 얼마나 아름다우신지 제가 말씀드린 적이 있던가요 ?.

did not you attend greenville high school ?.
그린빌 고등학교에 다니지 않았나요 ?.

did not she have the hots for you ?.
그 여자가 너 굉장히 좋아하지 않았니 ?.

did not there used to be a mailbox on the corner ?.
모퉁이에 우편함이 있지 않았나요 ?.

did you hear the captain's announcement ?.
기장님의 안내방송을 들으셨나요 ?.

did you hear about jack's promotion ?.
잭이 승진했다는 소식 들었어요 ?.

did you hear about greg's promotion ?.
그레그 씨가 승진한 얘기 들었어요 ?.

did you hear that bill pittman is retiring next month ?.
빌 피트만이 다음 달에 은퇴한다는 소식 들었어 ?.

did you make an appointment to see dr. spencer ?.
스펜서 박사님과 예약했어요 ?.

did you find the hotel suitable ?.
호텔이 잘 맞던가요 ?.

did you know that from brazil nuts to almonds , from cashews to pecans , nut trees bestow a tasty and nutritionally rich bounty ?.
여러분은 브라질 땅콩부터 아몬드 , 캐슈넛에서 호두까지 , 견과류들은 맛있고 영양적으로 풍부한 보상을 준다는 사실을 알고 있었나요 ?.

did you know that more than 50 schools in the capital city of tashkent in uzbekistan are learning the korean language ?.
여러분은 우즈베키스탄의 수도 타슈켄트에 있는 50개 이상의 학교에서 한국어를 배우고 있다는 사실을 알고 있었나요 ?.

did you read the interview with princess diana in this magazine ?.
이 잡지에 난 다이애너 왕비 인터뷰 기사 읽었니 ?.

did you finish transcribing what you heard on the tape ?.
테이프에서 들은 걸 다 받아 적었어요 ?.

did you try to get the spot out with spot remover ?.
얼룩 제거제로 지워 봤어요 ?.

did you meet anyone nice on the group blind date last weekend ?.
지난 주말 단체 미팅에서 괜찮은 사람 만났니 ?.

did you deposit my check yesterday ?.
어제 내 수표 예금했어요 ?.

did you send for a doctor ?.
의사를 부르러 보냈어요 ?.

did you swap notes on the information ?.
그 정보에 대한 노트를 교환했니 ?.

did you snitch on me to the teacher ?.
네가 선생님께 일러바쳤어 ?.

did police blunders leave the bus-stop stalker free to kill milly dowler ?.
경찰이 버스정류장을 배회하던 스토커가 밀리 도울러를 죽이도록 내버려두는 실수를 저질렀습니까 ?.

did malaysia thereby bring down on itself grievous self-inflicted harm ?.
그래서 말레이시아는 쓰라린 고통을 자초했는가 ?.

thank you , but i'd prefer tuna.
고맙지만 , 참치로 하겠습니다.

thank you to the coens for being crazy enough to think that i could do that and put one of the most horrible haircuts in history on my head , he added , referring to the bizarre coiffure given to his character in the film.
" 제가 그것을 할 수 있을 거라고 생각할 정도로 충분히 미쳤고 , 역사상 가장 끔찍한 머리 모양을 제 머리 위에 올려준 것에 대해서 정말 감사 드립니다 ," 라 고 영화 속 인물에게 주어졌던 이상한 머리모양을 언급하면서 그가 덧붙여 말했어요.

thank you all for coming today to the unveiling of hudson motors' latest car , the y-t six thousand.
오늘 허드슨 자동차의 최신 기종인 yt 6000의 발표 자리에 참석해 주신 내빈 여러분께 감사드립니다.

thank you for your confidence and support.
귀하의 신뢰와 지원에 감사드립니다.

thank you for doing such an in-depth study.
그렇게 심도 있게 검토해 주셔서 감사합니다.

thank you for calling the stanley power tool company.
스탠리 전기 장비 회사에 전화를 주셔서 감사합니다.

thank you for asking me , but ..
초청해 주신 건 고맙습니다만..

thank you. i hope that the teller people thought so too.
감사합니다. 텔러 사의 사람들도 그렇게 생각했으면 좋겠군요.

love is a relationship built on a firm foundation.
사랑이란 단단한 토대 위에 세워진 관계이다.

love is not mentioning his thinning spot.
사랑이란 그의 탈모 부위를 언급하지 않는 것이다.

love is when he starts reciting poetry by moonlight.
사랑이란 그가 달빛 아래서 시를 읊기 시작할 때 찾아오는 것.

love is having someone of your own to snuggle up to.
사랑이란 바짝 들러붙을 나만의 사람을 갖는 것.

love is nothing else then certain coveting to enjoy its beauty.
김병현 선수는 몇몇의 메이저리그 팀들이 탐내는 존재다.

love is saying a prayer for his safe return.
사랑이란 그가 무사히 돌아오기를 기도하는 것이다.

love , apartment-building style , comes with its own anxieties.
사랑에도 그만의 근심과 염려는 도사리고 있다.

saving correction i feel comfortable when i do this.
잘못된 일인지는 몰라도 나는 이것을 하면 기분이 좋다.

stop this or i will spank you all.
이것을 그만두어라. 그렇지 않으면 너희 모두를 때릴 것이다.

stop showing repugnance to my order on your face !.
내 명령에 반대하는듯한 얼굴을 보이지 마라 !.

stop making a nuisance of yourself , and wait your turn.
성가시게 굴지 말고 자기 차례를 기다리시오.

stop yelling at me ; i do not need that stuff from you.
나한테 소리지르지 마. 그런 쓸데없는 소리 필요 없어.

stop acting the giddy goat and act your age.
바보짓을 그만 하고 나이에 걸맞게 행동하라.

stop paying lip service to us and act.
립서비스는 그만 하고 행동으로 옮겨라.

stop picking at the food , will you ?.
음식 좀 그만 깨작거릴 수 없니 ?.

stop arguing and heal the breach.
그만 싸우고 화해해라.

stop pulling stupid stunts like that , or you will be dead meat.
그런 멍청한 짓 그만두지 않으면 너 죽어.

stop yakking it up and listen.
수다 그만 떨고 들어 봐.

drinking more than 15 drinks a week for men or 12 drinks a week for women increases the risk of developing dependence on alcohol.
일주일에 , 남자는 15잔이상의 음주 혹은 여성는 12잔이상의 음주는 알코올에 의존할 위험성이 커진다.

drinking soda pop is not the only thing that makes you burp.
탄산음료를 마시는 것만 트림이 나오게 하는 것은 아니랍니다.

two of the most practical kinds of things , actually , that unicef uses to raise money were started by children.
사실 유니세프가 기금을 마련하는 가장 실제적인 방법 두 가지는 어린이들에 의해 시작되었습니다.

two of santa barbara's most elegant hotels are the santa barbara royal hotel (349-9879) , which is right on the beach , and the hillside rancho grande (678-3892) , where celebrities often stay.
산타바바라에서 가장 격조 높은 호텔은 바닷가 바로 위에 있는 산타바바라 로얄 호텔(349-9879)과 유명 인사들이 종종 머무는 언덕 위의 랜초 그란데(678 -3892) 두 곳이다.

two more days until the superbowl.
수퍼볼(프로 미식축구 전미 결승전)까지 이틀 남았네.

two friends chewed the fat about the upcoming presidential election.
두 친구가 곧 있을 대선에 관해서 얘기를 나눴다.

two years later , he returned to acting , and landed the role of the cruiser in the white cowboy hat in george's 1973 classic , american graffiti.
그 후 2년 뒤 다시 연기를 시작한 그는 1973년 조지 감독의 고전 청춘 낙서에 하얀 카우보이 모자를 쓰고 배회하는 고등학생으로 출연했다.

two men and one kid tore out of the burning house.
두 명의 남자와 한 아이가 불 난 집에서 급히 뛰어나갔다.

two men alighted from the vehicle.
두 남자가 차에서 내려섰다.

two true friends spoke out in meeting.
진정한 두 친구들은 솔직한 의견을 말하였다.

two employees who were wrongfully fired were reinstated.
부당하게 해고된 두 명의 직원이 복직되었다.

two employees were in collusion to steal money from the company.
두 명의 직원이 회사돈을 훔칠 음모를 꾸몄다.

two traffic cones are encircled by a hose.
호스가 두 개의 원추형 표지판을 둘러싸고 있다.

two cars crashed on that curve.
두 대의 차가 저 커브에서 충돌했다.

two casualties , as yet unnamed , are still in the local hospital.
아직 이름이 밝혀지지 않은 두 명의 부상자가 아직 현지 병원에 있다.

two witnesses describe how villagers took to the streets.
당시 부락민들이 어떻게 가두 시위를 벌였는지 두 명의 목격자는 이렇게 말합니다.

two politicians are adversaries in the election.
그 두 정치가는 그 선거에서 호적수다.

two bomb blasts inside india's largest mosque (the jama masjid) in new delhi have wounded at least 13 people.
뉴델리에 있는 인도 최대의 회교 사원(자마 마스히드)에서 두 건의 폭탄테러가 발생해 최소한 13명이 부상했습니다.

two ways that this can happen are called mosaicism and chimerism.
이런 것이 일어날 수 있는 두 가지 방법은 섞임증과 키메라증이라고 불립니다.

two drinks and he's stewed to the ears.
두 잔 마시면 그는 언제나 곤드레만드레가 된다.

two genes that encode eye-pigment proteins have been found on this chromosome.
눈 색소단백질을 암호화하는 두 개의 유전자가 이 염색체에서 발견되었다.

two airplanes hit each other in midair.
비행기 두 대가 공중에서 충돌했다.

two blondes are walking down the street.
금발머리의 소녀 두 명이 길을 걸어가고 있었다.

two welders , two laboratory assistants , a programmer , and some occasional secretarial support.
용접공 두 명이랑 연구소 보조 두 명 , 프로그래머 한 명 , 그리고 가끔씩 서류 업무에 대한 도움이 필요해요.

pleasure.
기쁨.

pleasure.
쾌락.

pleasure.
쾌감.

everything he thought the most precious thing in the world suddenly go to hell in a handbasket.
그가 세상에서 가장 소중하다고 여겼던 것이 순식간에 쓸모없게 되어버렸다.

everything he wrote shows the depth of his sensibility.
그가 쓴 작품을 보면 그의 깊은 감수성을 느낄 수 있다.

everything is priced down for our final days.
마지막 날 동안 모든 품목이 할인됩니다.

everything she wears suits her well because of her svelte figure.
그녀는 날씬해서 무슨 옷을 입어도 잘 어울린다.

everything about the case was revealed with the arrest of the principal offender.
주범이 체포됨으로써 사건의 전말이 드러났다.

everything could be done by a nod and a wink.
약간의 힌트만 줘도 모든 것이 이루어질 수 있을 것이다.

everything turned out as arranged beforehand.
모든 일이 예정대로 되었다.

across.
건너 편짝에.

across.
크로스.

across.
십자형.

famous british physicist stephen hawking said north korea and iran are particularly dangerous.
유명한 영국의 물리학자 스티븐 호킹은 북한과 이란이 특히 위험하다고 말했다.

famous celebrities such as brad pitt (left in picture) and jane seymour (right) participated by answering phone calls for donations.
브래드 피트(사진 왼쪽) , 제인 세이무어(오른쪽)가 기부 전화를 받는 일을 통해 콘서트에 동참했다.

actor arnold schwarzenegger announced that his screen nemesis in terminator 3 would probably be female.
영화배우 아놀드 슈왈제네거는 터미네이터 3에 나올 영화 속 악역은 여성일 것이라고 말했다.

good morning , metro cable and wireless company. how may i direct your call ?.
안녕하십니까 , 메트로 케이블 앤 와이어리스 사입니다. 어디를 연결해 드릴까요 ?.

good way to use up any stale bread.
오래된 빵을 다 사용하는 좋은 방법.

good quality steaks will not need this.
좋은 품질의 스테이크는 이게 필요하지 않을거야.

good guide to the music of composer tchaikovsky.
공연의 후반부에서는 오페라 " 예프게닌 오네긴 " 의 폴로네즈와 " 피아노 콘체르토 no. 공연은 차이코프스키의 음악에 대한 좋은 가이드가 될.

good health is a prerequisite for happiness.
건강은 행복의 필수 조건 중 하나다.

good article mr heffer , but a tad incautious.
좋은 글이에요 하퍼 씨 , 그렇지만 조금 경솔하군요 ,.

good morning. my name's derek west. i am with the trimble office equipment company. i'd like to speak to the office manager , please.
안녕하세요. 저는 트림블 사무기기 회사에 다니는 데렉 웨스트라고 합니다. 부장님과 통화할 수 있을까요 ?.

good idea. maybe that'll help me calm down so i can concentrate.
좋은 생각이에요. 그렇게 하면 마음이 차분해져서 집중이 잘 될지도 모르죠.

taking a stretch is good for your health.
산책은 건강에 좋다.

taking regular exercise can mean that you can eat decent , satisfying amounts , while not endangering your figure at all.
적당한 운동을 한다는 것은 당신이 전혀 몸에 해를 끼치지 않으면서 적당히 만족할 만큼의 양을 먹을 수 있다는 뜻이다.

angry.
분하다.

angry.
노엽다.

best essays will be printed in the school newsletter on febwrary 10.
최고의 작품들은 2월 10일에 학교 신문에 연재 될 것입니다.

clean fuel is actually an oxymoron because no one can burn fuel cleanly enough.
사실 연료를 완전히 깨끗하게 태울 수는 없으므로 청정연료라는 것은 모순적인 말이다.

listening.
듣기.

listening.
청종.

listening.
듣기평가.

listening to the classical music is said to have a good effect on one's unborn baby.
고전 음악을 들으면 태교에 좋다고들 한다.

listening to music is one of his greatest satisfactions.
음악 감상은 그에게는 가장 큰 기쁨의 하나이다.

keep a lookout for who's coming.
누가 오나 망 좀 봐라.

keep the paint fairly dry so that the colours do not bleed into each other.
색깔이 서로 번지지 않게 페인트가 적당히 마르게 두어라.

keep the lid on the ring and do not lose it.
반지를 숨겨두고 잃지 마라.

keep the sabbath holy.
안식일을 성스럽게 지켜라.

keep your yap shut.
입 다물고 있어라.

keep only the network version. replace the version on my computer.
네트워크 버전만 유지. 내 컴퓨터의 버전 바꾸기.

keep within your proper sphere as long as you are a minor.
네가 미성년자인 동안에는 본분을 지켜라.

keep adding water in 1/2 cup increments and stirring constantly.
계속해서 1/2컵의 물 증가분을 더하고 , 끊임없이 저어주세요.

spending the holidays in britain was not a prospect that i found particularly appealing.
휴가를 영국에서 보내는 것은 내게 특별히 매력적인 생각이 아니었다.

family name.
hell 가족은 그의 아들이 가족의 성 때문에 거절을 당하자 멜버른의 남부 도시에 있는 st. peter the apostle 학교에 항의했어요.

stranger , regard this spot with gravity.
나그네여 , 이곳을 엄숙히 바라보라.

cool completely in pan to absorb syrup.
시럽이 스며들도록 팬을 충분히 식혀주세요.

cool stuffing and turkey promptly ; refrigerate separately , and use within 2 days.
칠면조와 속재료를 바로 식히시고 , 따로 냉장을 시키시고 , 이틀안에 쓰세요.

ten.
십.

ten.
열 남짓한.

ten of the mourners have disappeared -- possibly kidnapped by militants.
두 번째 차량에 탑승했던 가족친지 중 10명은 현재 실종상태인데 이들은 반군에 의해 납치된 것으로 보입니다.

ten years ago , the government sponsored a health campaign to awaken australians to the very real risks of over-exposure to the sun.
10년전 정부는 햇볕 과다 노출이 대단히 위험하다는 사실을 호주 국민들에게 일깨우기 위한 건강 캠페인을 후원했다.

life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
인생이란 불충분한 전제로부터 충분한 결론을 끌어내는 기술이다.

life is just a bowl of pits. (rodney dangerfield).
인생은 다만 한 통의 살구 씨일 뿐이다. (로드니 데인저필드 , 인생명언).

life can not be more miserable , i think i have reached bottom.
더 이상 절망적일 수 없어 , 난 밑바닥에 다다른 것 같아.

life for the marshals was really not quite exciting.
보안관들의 삶은 실제로 그렇게 흥미진진하지는 않다.

life may have existed on mars in the past.
과거에 화성에 생명체가 존재했을 것이다.

life inside the apprentice house is surprisingly hectic.
기숙사생활은 놀랍게도 치열하다.

life cycle cost analysis of primary cooling system by systematic support cost.
각종지원금제도에 의한 냉열원시스템의 라이프 사이클 코스트 분석.

who is in the sandbox ?.
누가 모래놀이 통에 있나요 ?.

who is the platinum blonde sitting over there ?.
저기 앉아있는 염색한 플래티넘 머리 여자가 누구야 ?.

who is my mom ? who is my dad ?.
우리 엄마는 누굴까 ? 우리 아빠는 누굴까 ?.

who are the president's policies designed to appeal to ?.
대통령의 정책은 누구의 관심을 끌기 위해 고안 되었는가 ?.

who does not work for golden crown resorts ?.
골든 크라운 리조트에서 일하지 않는 사람은 ?.

who should i speak with about changing my mailing address ?.
주소를 변경하려면 누구에게 얘기하면 되나요 ?.

who should a reader contact if he has a problem with something ordered through a classified ad ?.
독자가 항목별 광고를 통해 주문한 것에 문제가 있을 경 우 누구에게 연락해야 하나 ?.

who was general douglas macarthur ?.
더글라스 맥아더 장군는 누구인가 ?.

who has the authority to cancel a person's club membership ?.
개인의 클럽 회원자격을 취소할 수 있는 권한은 누가 가지고 있는가 ?.

who holds the purse rules the house.
돈이 제갈량.

who worked in africa , asia and europe.
지난주말 멕시코와의 국경지대에서 담장 건설 작업에 나선 케잘 도티씨는 아프리카와 아시아 , 유럽 등지의 미국 영사관에서 근무한 전직 공 무원입니다.

who packed your suitcase ? it's bulging out everywhere.
누가 당신의 여행가방을 꾸렸습니까 ? 여기저기 튀어나온 게 곧 터질 것만 같구먼.

who pays for that ? it is not the developer.
그거 누가 지불 한대 ? 개발자는 아니래.

who possibly can beat me ? or who would dare to beat me ?.
뉘라서 나를 이기리오.

who dun it ? i want to know.
누가 그랬어 ? 나 알고 싶어.

body shop owner new caddy ? let's check it out.
바디샵주인의 새가방은무엇인가 ? 어디한번보자.

i'd like a room facing the beach.
해변이 보이는 방으로 주세요.

i'd like a double bourbon on the rocks.
얼음 넣어서 버본 위스키로 한 잔 주세요.

i'd like a single room facing the front.
건물 정면이 내다 보이는 1인용 객실로 주세요.

i'd like a single for one night.
하룻밤 묵을 1인실 주세요.

i'd like a table for twelve.
열두 사람 좌석을 원합니다.

i'd like a chicken and a big bowl of soap.
치킨 한 마리 , 그리고 비누 큰 그릇으로 하나 주세요.

i'd like you to correct my wrong pronunciation when you hear it.
제 발음을 듣고서 틀린 곳이 있으면 고쳐 주셨으면 합니다.

i'd like to go over the course syllabus , the course requirements and assignments , my grading policies , and what i expect from each of you.
먼저 코스의 개요와 필수사항 및 연구 과제 , 성적 정책 , 그리고 제가 여러분 각자에게 바라는 바를 간략히 소개하겠습니다.

i'd like to go hanggliding during our winter break.
겨울방학 동안 행글라이딩을 하고 싶은데.

i'd like to speak to mr. burton.
버튼씨와 통화하고 싶습니다.

i'd like to have a lasting relationship with you.
당신과 영원한 관계를 맺고 싶어요.

i'd like to have a manicure.
손톱에 매니큐어를 칠해 주세요.

i'd like to have these trousers shortened.
이 바지를 줄이고 싶어요.

i'd like to see the beaches on the west coast.
서해안의 바닷가를 보고 싶어.

i'd like to book a flight to montreal.
몬트리올행 비행기편을 예약하고 싶습니다.

i'd like to know what really goes on backstage in government.
난 정부의 막후에서 실제로 어떤 일이 벌어지는지 알고 싶다.

i'd like to take an evening class , too , but my work schedule is just too unpredictable.
나도 저녁 수업을 듣고 싶은데 , 내 업무 스케줄이 전혀 예측불가예요.

i'd like to ask you all to stow your carry-on baggage in the overhead bins , or under the seat in front of you.
탑승객 여러분은 기내 휴대하신 짐을 머리 위 쪽의 짐칸이나 앞좌석 밑에 넣어 주시기 바랍니다.

i'd like to change my hairdo.
헤어스타일을 바꾸고 싶습니다.

i'd like to treat you to something special.
당신에게 특별히 한턱 내고 싶습니다.

i'd like to reserve a table for two for eight o'clock.
8시에 두 사람 자리를 예약하고 싶은데요.

i'd like to rent a car in denver and return it in san francisco.
덴버에서 차를 빌려서 샌프란시스코에서 반환하려고 하는데요.

i'd like to subscribe to the washington post.
워싱턴 포스트지를 구독하고 싶습니다.

i'd like to sweep the floor.
나는 바닥을 쓸고 싶어.

i'd like that big fat scrumptious blueberry muffin , please.
저기 큼직하고 맛있는 불루베리 머핀 하나 주세요.

i'd like two tickets to niagara falls.
나이아가라 폭포행 표 두 장이 필요한데요.

i'd be happy to lead some informal lunchtime tutoring sessions.
제가 점심 시간에 비공식적으로 교육을 좀 해볼게요.

i'd be broke even if i were a bank printing money.
내가 돈 찍어내는 은행이라도 파산이야.

i'd be interested in seeing you again.
또 뵙고 싶어요.

i'd say it will cost $70 , 000 but that's a ballpark figure.
비용이 7만 달러 정도 들 것 같은데 어림잡은 수치야.

i'd say buy bluechip stocks and hold on to it for several months.
우량주를 매입해서 몇 달 지켜보시는건 어떨까요 ?.

i'd rather get my brains blown out in the wild than wait in terror at the slaughterhouse. (craig volk).
거친 바깥에서 머리가 박살날 지언정 도살장에서 두려움에 떨며 기다리진 않겠다. (크레이그 폴크 , 죽음명언).

i'd love to , but i am not sure i can spare the time.
나도 그러고 싶지만 , 시간을 낼 수 있을지 모르겠어요.

i'd love to go diving in the aegean.
나는 에게 해로 잠수를 하러 가고 싶다.

i'd hate to be a movie star. you never have any privacy.
난 영화배우가 되면 너무 싫을 것 같아. 사생활이란 게 없잖아.

i'd hate to live in a country where minorities are repressed.
나는 소수가 억압받는 나라에선 살고 싶지 않아.

i'd really rather stay home. i will do the cooking if you do not want to.
나는 정말 나가고 싶지 않은데 , 당신이 하기 싫으면 내가 요리를 하지요.

i'd really love to get it just for the turner , but we live in an area with bad radio reception.
전 라디오 때문에라도 꼭 사고 싶은데 , 살고 있는 곳의 라디오 수신율이 좋지 않아요.

i'd appreciate it if you could find me some aspirin.
저에게 아스피린을 좀 구해 주면 고맙겠어요.

i'd worn a blue shirt and jeans and a blue blazer and been doing my best hugh grant impression.
나는 파란 셔츠와 청바지에 파란 블레이저를 입고 있었고 휴 그랜트 같은 인상을 주기 위해 최선을 다했다.

i'd advise extreme caution because it's a delicate chinaware.
그것은 깨지기 쉬운 도자기이므로 조심할 것을 당부합니다.

i'd prefer to chrome plate my roof.
나는 내 지붕에 크롬 판을 대는 것을 선호해.

i'd recommend that patients make their preferences for comfort known to their health care providers and loved ones , verbally and in writing.
환자들이 말로 하건 글로 쓰건 간에 , 어떻게 해 주면 더 편할지를 의료진이나 사랑하는 사람들이 알도록 해야 한다는 것입니다.

second , the solarvanagon costs less than $30 , 000 and is backed by our 7-year warranty.
둘째 , 솔라배내건은 가격이 3만 달러가 안 되며 , 애프터 서비스를 7년 간 해드립니다.

right now the bathtub and the oven are underutilized.
지금 당장 욕조와 오븐은 활용되지 않는다.

helping.
따뜻한 구호의 손길.

helping.
당신은 도움을 받을 자격이 있어요..

helping.
일손을 돕다.

helping an old person cross the street is a laudable act.
노인이 길을 건너는 것을 도와주는 일은 칭찬받을 만한 행동이다.

business is slack at the restaurant.
그 음식점은 파리를 날리고 있다.

business for most business expenses , starting oct. 1 , you need deductions receipts only for expenditures of $75 or more.
사업자 공제 10월 1일 이후 발생하는 회사 경비는 75달러 이상의 경비에 대해서만 영수증 필요.

business cards in english.
실례지만 주문상 문제가 생겼습니다. 5세트의 2개 국어로 된 명함을 주문했는데 제가 받은 것은 영어로만 된 5세트의 명함입니다.

business property mortgage rates have increased substantially.
업무용 부동산의 담보 대출 금리가 크게 올랐다.

business owners are looking for ways to capitalize on current economic conditions.
사업주들은 현 경제 상황을 잘 이용해 돈을 버는 방법을 모색하고 있다.

pretty soon , you will have collected a lot of revealing facts about yourself.
곧 당신은 , 자신에 관한 사실을 드러내는 많은 것들을 수집하게 될 것이다.

shout.
소리치다.

shout.
고함(을) 치다.

shout.
고함을 지르다.

ask your friends about sites where they have successfully shopped online.
당신 친구들에게 어디에서 성공적으로 온라인 거래를 했는지 그 사이트를 물어보라.

use a humidifier in your room.
당신 방 안에서 가습기를 이용하세요.

use this block to identify what the letter is in regards to.
서한이 어떤 내용을 담고있는지 확인하려면 이 블록을 활용하세요.

use this setting if you have an older sound card and clips sound scratchy or distorted.
사운드 카드가 오래되었거나 클립에서 긁히는 소리나 이상한 소리가 나면 이 설정을 사용하십시오.

use this setting if your computer has problems using some network transports. (consult your network administrator for the appropriate setting.).
사용하고 있는 컴퓨터에서 일부 네트워크 전송 모드를 사용하는 데 문제가 있으면 이 설정을 사용하십시오. 적절한 설정을 위해 네트워크 관리자에게 문의.

use this setting if your computer has problems using some network transports. (consult your network administrator for the appropriate setting.).
하십시오.

use of daytime running lights on motorcycles reduced fatal crashes in singapore 15 percent.
낮시간동안 오토바이불빛을 사용함으로써 , 싱가포르의 치명적인 충돌사고들은 15퍼센트나 줄였다.

use one of the following basic share permissions , or create custom permissions.
다음 기본 공유 사용 권한 중 하나를 사용하거나 , 사용 권한을 사용자 지정하십시오.

use only ripe bananas for the best shakes.
최고의 바나나 쉐이크를 만들기 위해서 잘 익은 바나나만을 사용해라.

use them to flavor yogurt , cakes , puddings , ice cream , and hot drinks such as cocoa , tea , or coffee.
요구르트나 케이크 , 푸딩 , 아이스크림뿐만 아니라 코코아 , 차 , 커피 등의 뜨거운 음료에 향을 낼 때 사용하시면 됩니다.

use sleeping pills only as a last resort.
수면제는 최후의 수단으로만 사용해라.

use fully ripe bananas for the best moisture.
최고의 습기를 위해 잘 익은 바나나를 사용해라.

use conditioner regularly to make your hair soft and manageable.
정기적으로 컨디셔너를 사용하여 머리를 부드럽고 관리하기 쉽게 하라.

use plenty of wrapping when you pack fragile articles.
깨지기 쉬운 물건을 포장할 때는 충분히 포장해라.

use routing and remote access to configure and manage the routing and remote access service.
라우팅 및 원격 액세스를 사용하면 라우팅 및 원격 액세스 서비스를 구성하고 관리할 수 있습니다.

use caution_ when deleting files from the computer.
컴퓨터에서 파일을 삭제할 때에는 신중을 기하십시오.

use earplugs when you know you will be exposed to noise for extended periods , such as riding a motorcycle.
오토바이를 탄다든지 해서 장시간 소음에 노출되리라는 것을 아실 때는 귀마개를 하세요.

use 50g of rice per person and an extra spoonful for good measure.
쌀은 일인당 50그램에 추가로 한 숟갈씩 잡으세요.

nothing can shake our assurance that our team will win the game.
우리 팀이 시합에 이긴다는 확신은 어떤 일이 있어도 흔들리지 않는다.

nothing can compensate for the loss of a loved one.
사랑하는 사람을 잃은 것은 그 무엇으로도 보상할 수 없다.

nothing seems to help my headache.
내 두통은 뭘 써도 나을 것 같지 않다.

sounds great !.
좋았어 !.

try.
시도.

try.
맛보다.

try not to offend his pride.
그의 자존심을 다치게 하지 마라.

try not to revert to your old eating habits.
예전의 식습관으로 되돌아가지 않도록 노력하다.

try to be discreet in talking.
말을 삼가라.

try to rest and avoid speaking or singing for a while.
당분간 휴식을 취하면서 말을 하거나 노래하는 걸 삼가해 보세요.

try to use less salt in your diet.
염분을 적게 섭취하도록 하시오.

try to recall who he is.
그가 누구인지 잘 생각해 봐.

try to tempt him with a sweet kiss.
달콤한 키스로 그를 유혹하려 하겠죠.

try to thread a need with one eye closed.
한쪽 눈을 감은 채로 바늘에 실을 꿰어 보아라.

try to visualize him as an old man.
그를 늙은 노인으로 상상해 보세요.

try twice as hard to be nice.
멋있어 보이려고 두 배 더 애쓴다.

check up the machine. any joy ?.
기계를 확인해봐라. 잘 되어 있어 ?.

check out this weepy ap story in today's baltimore sun.
이 눈물겨운 ap 이야기를 오늘 날짜 발티모어 선지에서 한번 보아라.

cat is a word of one syllable ; hotel has two syllables.
'cat'은 1음절 단어이고 , 'hotel'은 2음절 단어이다.

cat is a word of one syllable ; hotel has two syllables.
여기서 가장 중요한 말은 '다시'라는 것이다.

pack.
팩.

pack.
꾸리다.

pack.
꾸러미.

deep in the past , people traveled on horseback.
옛날에 사람들은 말을 타고 여행 다녔다.

blue.
푸르다.

blue.
청색.

blue whales can wiggle their tails.
푸른고래들은 그들의 꼬리를 흔들 수 있다.

sky news is the worst culprit in this whole shebang.
sky news가 이번 일을 초래한 주된 장본인이다.

clear water spouted from the fountains.
분수에서 깨끗한 물이 분출되었다.

area residents say that the planned subdivision will result in traffic on the existing roads exceeding the volume for which they were designed.
지역 주민들은 토지 분할 계획이 이미 설계 당시의 수용 능력을 초과하는 기존 도로에 교통 혼잡을 유발할 것이다.

diving.
다이빙.

diving.
잠수업.

wind and rain have eroded the statues into shapeless lumps of stone.
바람과 비가 그 조각상을 부식하여 볼품없는 돌덩어리로 만들어 놓았다.

calm down gina , you are imagining things.
지나야 진정해라 , 기분 탓일거야.

main issues on the development of sustainable city.
지속가능한 도시개발의 주요이슈.

spanish tenor legend jose carreras is our guest this week.
이번 주 초대 손님은 스페인의 전설적인 테너 , 호세 카레라스입니다.

soldiers act in obedience to the orders of their commanders.
병사들은 자기네 지휘관의 명령에 복종하여 행동한다.

soldiers and athletes use duffel bags to carry their clothes and belongings.
군인들과 운동선수들은 옷과 소지품을 군용 잡낭에 넣어 가지고 다닌다.

among.
개중에는.

among.
사이에.

among.
-간.

among the big ideas of the last century , few were as asinine as freud's on sex and women , most notably his theory of penis envy.
지난 세기 동안 성과 여성에 관한 대 이론들 중에서 프로이트의 이론 , 그 중에서도 남근선망론 만큼이나 황당무계한 이론도 없을 것이다.

among the top law schools are harvard and yale , of course , but also stanford , columbia , michigan , and uc berkeley.
상위권 로스쿨에는 하버드와 예일은 물론 , 스탠퍼드와 컬럼비아 , 미시간 , uc 버클리 등이 있다.

among the possibilities being talked about to quell the violence , are those brought up by one of the police unions earlier in the day.
논의되고 있는 폭동 사태 진압 방안들 중에는 오늘 오전 한 경찰 노조가 제안한 방법도 포함되어 있습니다.

among the qualities critical for managerial success are leadership , self-confidence , self-motivation , decisiveness , flexibility , sound business judgment , and determination.
관리자로서 성공하기 위해 꼭 필요한 자질로는 리더십 , 자신감 , 동기 부여 , 과단성 , 융통성 , 올바른 사업 판단 , 결단력 등이 있다.

among its activities , the geneva-based international organization for migration (iom) directly assists women and girls who have been trafficked.
스위스 제네바에 본부를 둔 국제 이주 기구의 활동 가운데 하나는 인신 매매된 여성과 소녀들을 직접적으로 돕는 것입니다.

among black applicants with similar transcripts , 22 out of 27 , or 81 percent , were offered admission.
비슷한 성적의 흑인 지원자 27명의 경우 81%에 해당하는 22명이 입학 허가를 받았다.

remains of goguryeo were found in manchuria.
고구려의 유적이 만주 지방에서 발견되었다.

plants push out new shoots in spring.
봄에 새싹이 나온다.

workers had been using a blowtorch to heat asphalt shingles to apply to the roof early sunday , said los angeles county fire chief michael freeman.
일꾼들이 일요일 일찍 지붕에 얹을 아스팔트 슁글에 열을 가하기 위해 토치를 사용해왔다고 로스엔젤레스 소방서정인 마이클 프리맨이 이야기했읍니다.

workers had been using a blowtorch to heat asphalt shingles to apply to the roof early sunday , said los angeles county fire chief michael freeman.
일꾼들이 일요일 일찍 지붕에 얹을 아스팔트 슁글에 열을 가하기 위해 토치를 사용해왔다고 로스엔젤레스 소방서정인 마이클 프리맨이 이야 기했읍니다.

workers who enter an unskilled occupation do not have to go through a long period of training.
미숙련 직업에 입문한 근로자는 장기간의 훈련을 마칠 필요가 없다.

workers remove and replace an overpass bridge at milepost twenty-four.
동쪽으로 향하는 차량들은 인부들이 24번 이정표에서 육교를 철거 교체하는 작업을 하는 내일 오후 11시 40분부터 일요일 오전 5시까지 뉴 캐슬에서 80번 주간 고속도로를 빠져 나가야 합니다.

mexico called for an immediate cessation of hostilities.
멕시코가 즉시 적대 행위들을 중단할 것을 요구했다.

may i use the clipper ? | yes , go ahead , but please use it only at the back.
이발기를 사용해도 좋습니까 ? | 좋습니다. 그러나 뒤에만 사용해 주세요.

may i copy an entire book ?.
책 한 권 전체를 다 복사할 수 있나요 ?.

may the blessing of god be upon you.
여러분께 하느님의 은혜가 함께 하시기를.

temple.
신전.

temple.
관자놀이.

temple.
사원.

last summer mobilephone behemoth verizon wireless broke ranks and signaled it would support laws requiring hands-free devices like headphones , earpieces , voice-activated dialers and ports that turn cell phones into speakerphones.
지난 여름 이동통신 업계의 거물 베리존 와이어리스는 대열을 이탈해서 헤드폰 , 이어폰 , 음성작동 다이얼 장치와 휴대폰을 스피커폰으로 바꾸는 핸즈프리 장치를 의무화하는 법을 지지할 것이라고 알렸다.

last week , waves of hot melted rock began pushing upward toward the mountaintop.
지난주 , 뜨거운 용암 물결이 산정상으로 치솟기 시작했다.

last week , gm's most high-profile investor , billionaire kirk kerkorian , called on the company to consider joining forces with nissan and french- based renault.
제너럴 모터스사는 세계 최대의 자동차회사이지만 , 판매 부진과 제작비 상승 , 적자 누적으로 고전해 왔습니다.

last week it was reported by the london mirror newspaper that the former pop star and her wannabe rapper husband had a blowout argument.
지난 주 런던 미러지에서는 이전의 팝 스타와 인기 있는 랩퍼 남편이 폭발적인 논쟁을 벌였다고 전했다.

last night at the party we really boozed it up.
어젯밤 파티에서 정말 술을 많이 마셨다.

last afternoon the thermometer stand at 74 degrees.
어제 오후에 온도계가 74도를 나타냈다.

last light of day filtering through a dormer window.
지붕창을 통해 투과되는 낮의 마지막 빛.

last year's champion gained the lead in the race and won it.
지난 해의 챔피언은 경주에서 선두에 나섰고 이겼다.

last quarter , our company had a high profit margin.
지난 분기에 우리 회사는 고액의 수익을 냈다.

last winter's price upswing in the volatile oil and food sector is subsiding.
지난 겨울의 휘발유와 식품 부문의 가격 상승이 진정되고 있다.

last week's suicide bombs attacks killed 18 people plus three suspected bombers.
지난 주의 자살폭탄 공격으로 18명의 인명과 3명의 용의자들이 폭사했습니다.

last quarter's 1% drop in gdp was the sharpest decline in nearly two years.
지난 분기에 gdp는 1% 하락해 거의 2년 만에 가장 큰 폭으로 떨어졌다.

tenochtitlan , the place of the prickly cactus , developed into a city of islands that were connected by canals and raised paths.
테노치티틀란이라는 가시 투성이 선인장 지역은 운하와 높은 길로 연결되는 섬의 도시로 발전해갔다.

tenochtitlan was the head of all aztec civilization.
테노크티틀란은 아즈텍 문명의 책임자였다.

full details are obtainable from any post office.
자세한 내용은 모든 우체국에서 구할 수 있다.

full packages are scattered throughout the backyard.
가득 찬 자루들이 뒤뜰 여기저기에 흩어져 있다.

full preheating is vital for soda bread.
완전한 예열이 소다 빵 만들 때 대단히 중요하다.

site planing and differential pricing of apartment housing for residential satisraction and market value.
주택특성에 따른 가격지수를 이용한 분양가격차등화 및 단지계획 연구.

yet , people order takeout for dinner to have time to spend with their loved ones.
사람들은 사랑하는 사람들과 시간을 보내기 위해서 저녁을 테이크아웃으로 주문한다.

yet , there's another view that smaller suppliers may catch a break from b2b online commerce.
하지만 , 더 소규모의 공급업자들이 기업간 온라인 상거래에 있어서 기회를 포착할수도 있다는 또 다른 견해가 있다.

yet in the decades that followed , science has continued to put forward as much ignorance as bliss.
그러나 이후 수십 년 동안 , 과학은 인류에게 행복을 주는 많은 무지한 방법을 제시해 왔다.

yet there is a serious underlying theme of environmentalism and conservatism.
그러나 , 그 이면에는 환경보호주의와 보수주의의 진지한 주제가 있다.

known for large , glossy leaves that originate from a central stem , this houseplant can grow very tall , and works well as a floor plant.
중앙 줄기에서 나오는 크고 반짝이는 잎으로 알려져 , 이 화초는 매우 크게 자라며 바닥 식물로도 활용됩니다.

least.
하다못해.

least.
적어도.

least.
최소한.

least of all would i do anything hurt to you.
너를 해치고 싶은 생각은 없다.

one is the son of a soviet cosmonaut.
한 명은 소련 우주비행사의 아들이다.

one , called the pre-cambrian unconformity , represents the time it took for the mountain range to erode into a plain.
하나는 선캄브리아대 부정합이라고 부르는 것으로 , 산맥이 평원으로 침식되는 동안의 시기를 나타낸다.

one or more of the snap-in components did not load.
스냅인 구성 요소를 하나 이상 로드하지 못했습니다.

one or more errors occurred while trying to delete the following records or domains.
다음 레코드 또는 도메인을 삭제하려고 하는 동안 하나 또는 그 이상의 오류가 발생했습니다.

one of the most obvious signs of anorexia is the loss of menstrual periods.
거식증의 가장 명백한 징조 중에 하나는 월경 기간이 사라지는 것이다.

one of the people they burgled was r.
우리가 집을 비운 사이에 도둑이 들었다.

one of the great hindu epics.
위대한 힌두 서사시 중 한 편.

one of the members , tommy , was involved in a car accident a few hours ago , but he is in perfect condition.
멤버 중 토미가 몇시간 전에 교통사고를 당했지만 , 상태는 아주 좋습니다.

one of the men is typing a report.
남자들 중 한명이 보고서를 타이핑하고 있다.

one of the greatest chinese philosophers was confucius.
중국의 가장 위대한 철학자들 중 한명은 공자이다.

one of the employers was telling me how he was hiring people over 70.
70살이 넘는 사람들을 어떻게 고용하고 있는지 고용주 한 명이 제게 말해주더라고요.

one of the pens is a yellow highlighter.
펜들 중 하나는 노란 형광펜이다.

one of the incarnations of vishnu.
비시누의 여러 생애 가운데 하나.

one of the dancers tatyana gladkih said , we have all gained enormous confidence since we became a troupe , so hopefully our stories will be an inspiration to fat children everywhere.
발레리나 중 한 명인 타야나 글라디키 씨는 이렇게 말했어요. " 우리는 발레단이 된 후에 엄청난 자신감을 얻었고 , 전세계의 뚱뚱한 어린이들.

one of the dancers tatyana gladkih said , we have all gained enormous confidence since we became a troupe , so hopefully our stories will be an inspiration to fat children everywhere.
에게 우리의 이야기가 영감을 주었으면 좋겠어요. ".

one of my friends tries to bring disgrace on me.
내 친구들 중 한 명은 나를 망신시키려고 한다.

one of my programs is infected with a virus.
내 프로그램 중 하나가 바이러스에 감염 되었어.

one of many habits is being unpleasant.
많은 습관들 중 하나는 무례하게 행동하는 것이다.

one of his main targets is thought to be barcelona striker ronaldinho.
그의 주요 대상들 중 하나는 바르셀로나의 스트라이커 호나우지뉴로 생각된다.

one of them is the crocodile.
그것들 중 하나가 악어이다.

one of them is the cerebrum , which is the largest part of the human brain and has the most active mental functions.
이들 중 하나는 인간의 뇌 중에서 가장 크고 가장 활동적인 정신 기능을 하고 있는 대뇌이다.

one man is climbing on top of the trolley.
한 남자가 수레에 오르고 있다.

one man was hospitalized with stab wounds.
한 남자가 창상으로 입원했다.

one can confidently extrapolate continuance of unsustainable growth in u.s. net indebtedness to the rest of the world.
세계에 대한 미국의 순부채가 감당할 수 없을 만큼 계속 늘어나리라는 것은 불 보듯 뻔한 일이다.

one other major type of schizophrenia is paranoid schizophrenia.
또 다른 중요한 종류의 정신 분열증은 편집성 정신 분열증이다.

one could construct a curve on a standard graph which shows the velocity of the rocket throughout its journey , but this still does little to convey the exact answer to the aforementioned question.
어떤 사람이 여행 동안 로켓의 속도를 보여주는 표준 그래프의 커브를 그릴 수 있지만 , 이것은 여전히 앞선 말한 질문에 대한 정확한 대답을 전하는데 거의 도움이 되지 않습니다.

one thing he would never give away , though : his triton sequencer.
그래도 절대 양보하지 않는 게 한 가지 있는데 바로 트라이톤 시퀀서다.

one thousand won (or so) will be sufficient.
천 원이면 넉넉하겠다.

one little kiss , and a romance begins.
한번의 짧은 키스 , 그리고 로맨스는 시작한다.

one u.s. marshal did do well.
한 미국 보안관은 일을 아주 잘 했다.

one nuclear warhead of several megatons can destroy a whole city.
수 메카톤 급 핵탄두 한 개가 도시 전체를 초토화시킬 수 있다.

one organization claims that the price of unleaded gasoline has jumped 29 cents in the past month.
한 기관에서는 무연 휘발유의 가격이 지난달에 29센트가 올랐다고 주장한다.

one reason is that many states that have a foreign language requirement for high school students only need one or two years at the most.
미국의 여러 주들에서 외국어가 고등학교의 필수과목으로 돼 있지만 외국어를 기껏해야 1년이나 2년만 배우면 졸업할 수 있도록 돼 있는 것 이 문제입니다.

one soldier stopped a bullet so that he can not walk any more.
한 병사가 탄환에 맞아 더 이상 걸을 수 없었다.

one day he visits the local library and encounters laura , a new librarian.
어느날 그는 지역도서관에 방문했다가 새로운 사서인 로라와 마주친다.

one day , he blurted out that he would leave soon.
어느날 그는 곧 떠난다고 불쑥 말을 꺼냈다.

one day , the angels up in heaven were crying.
어느 날 , 하늘에 있는 천사들이 울고 있었다.

one day , my older sister was playing hooky from school.
어느날 , 우리 언니는 학교를 꾀부려 쉬었다.

one day i'd like to trace any half-brothers and sisters.
언젠가 내 이복 형제들을 찾고 싶어.

one day as she was stepping onto the elevator , a man casually dressed injeans and a golf shirt got on with her.
하루는 엘리베이터를 타는데 , 청바지와 골프 셔츠를 편안하게 차려입은 한 남자와 같이 타게 되었다.

one change : the standardization of our diet.
그 중 한 가지 변화는 식생활의 평준화입니다.

one food , dried bean curd , means riches and happiness.
하나의 예로 , 건조된 두부는 부와 행복을 의미한다.

one step forward in rheumatoid arthritis research may equate to an unlimited number of steps for sufferers of the debilitating condition.
류마티스 관절염의 연구가 한 단계 발전하면 병세가 악화되고 있는 사람들에게는 무한한 단계의 발전이 됩니다.

one fifth of the air around us consists of this oxygen gas.
우리 주변 공기의 5분의 1이 산소로 이루어져 있다.

one man's trash is another man's treasure'.
한 사람의 쓰레기가 다른 한 사람에게는 보물이다.

one french group criticizing mr. sharon's remarks is the international league against racism and anti-semitism.
샤론 총리의 발언을 비난하고 있는 한 프랑스 단체는 반유대주의 및 인종차별 반대 국제연맹입니다.

one legend has it that medieval knights invented the kiss to determine whether their wives had been drinking alcohol.
중세 기사들이 자신의 아내가 술을 마셨는지 알아내기 위해 키스를 만들어냈다는 설도 있다.

one common misbelieve is that people with schizophrenia have multiple personalities.
잘못된 상식중 하나는 정신 분열증을 겪는 사람들이 다중적 인격을 가지고 있다는 것이다.

one experiment after another was performed which proved conclusively the existence of these little things , though no one knew exactly what they looked like , or what their function was , or why they existed at all (many of the same questions we are still asking ourselves today).
아무도 그들이 어떻게 생겼는지 혹은 그들의 기능이 무엇인지 혹은 왜 그들이 존재하는 지 전혀 몰랐음에도 불구하고 결정적으로 세 가지의 작은 물질의 존재를 입증하는 일련의 실험들이 수행되었습니다. (같은 질문들 중 많은 수를 여전히 오늘날에도 자문하고 있습니다.).

one trillion dollars could cover 10 , 000 square kilometers - about the combined area of washington d.c. , rhode island , and delaware.
1조 달러는 만 제곱 킬로미터로 , 워싱턴 dc와 로드아일랜드 , 댈라웨어를 합친 지역의 면적이다.

one colleague recalled the dancer' s petulant refusal to collect an award because his name had been wrongly pronounced.
자기 이름이 잘못 발음되었다는 이유로 그 무용가가 화를 내며 상 받기를 거부했던 사실을 한 동료가 기억해 냈다.

one studio , universal pictures , has three follow-ups on its summer slate :.
한 스튜디오 , 유니버설 픽처스 영화사는 여름 개봉 예정으로 한 속편을 3개를 가지고 있다.

one blacksmith spread himself out before the noblemen.
한 대장장이가 귀족들 앞에 주제 넘게 나섰다.

one irony of success : as germany's muscles continue to pump up , some of its eu neighbors and trading partners are becoming a little nervous at the country's heft.
독일의 성공이 낳은 아이러니 중 하나는 일부 eu 이웃들과 교역 상대국들이 독일의 힘이 증대됨에 따라 그 영향력에 다소 불안해하고 있다는 것이다.

one notices a compact on the sidewalk and leans down to pick it up.
한 소녀가 길에 떨어져 있는 콤팩트를 발견하고는 몸을 숙여 그것을 집어 들었다.

one cockroach is blue with bronze spots and red stripes.
어떤 바퀴벌레는 파란색 바탕에 청동색 점과 빨간 줄무늬가 있습니다.

one thread of silk is used to spin their cocoon.
고치를 치는 데는 명주 실 한 올이 사용된다.

one sinner stood in a white sheet and then he went to heaven.
한 죄인이 회개하여 천국으로 갔다.

one norse myth tells how loki killed the god balder with an arrow made of mistletoe.
노르웨이 신화에는 로키가 미슬토로 만든 화살을 가지고 발더 신을 죽이는 내용이 나온다.

one pitfall is poor screen and font quality.
한가지 곤란한점은 저질의 폰트와 스크린이다.

years of affluence have stimulated global demand at a time when non-opec suppliers are starting to dwindle.
비 opec 산유국들의 석유 공급이 줄어들고 있는 시점에서 수년간 계속되어 온 풍요는 오히려 석유 수요를 전세계적으로 자극했다.

years that queen victoria reigned , from 1837 to 1901.
빅토리아 여왕은 1837년에서 1901년까지 군림했다.

years ago , the office was often a gray , dull , and bland location with rather dim fluorescent lighting.
수년 전 사무실은 대개 상당히 희미한 형광등을 조명으로 사용하여 , 흐릿하고 어둑어둑하며 활기 없는 장소였다.

years ago , hunters bartered furs for guns.
수년 전에 사냥꾼들은 동물의 털가죽과 총을 물물교환했다.

years exp.required).
베를린 , 파리 , 타이페이 , 방콕에 있는 학교에서 수석강사(석사 학위와 3년 이상 경험요)와 강사(학사 학위와 2년 경험요)를 필요로 합니다.

old people scoff at the recent fad.
나이 든 사람들은 최근의 유행을 조소한다.

old papers are stored on microfiche.
오래된 신문들은 마이크로 필름에 저장되어 있습니다.

old memories come vividly to mind.
옛일이 또렷또렷하게 생각나다.

old fashioned beatings were thought to straighten out troubled students.
구식의 체벌이 문제 학생들을 계도하는 교육방법으로 여겨졌다.

old crates and scrap metal were used to create makeshift houses called shanties.
오래된 나무상자들과 스크랩 금속들은 샨티스라 불리는 메이크쉬프트 집들을 만들어내는데 사용된다.

old perry and rio come out together first.
올드 페리와 리오가 함께 제일 먼저 무대로 나와요.

old perry looks very sad today.
오늘 올드 페리는 아주 슬퍼 보여요.

old slogans are like paper napkins - to be thrown away and replaced by new attractive slogans.
옛 슬로건은 종이 냅킨처럼 버려지고 솔깃한 새 슬로건으로 바뀌게 마련이다.

early morning hath gold in its mouth. (benjamin franklin).
이른 아침은 입에 황금을 물고 있다. (벤자민 프랭클린 , 시간명언).

early one morning , tipy finds his cage door open.
어느 이른 아침 , 티피는 자기 우리의 문이 열려 있는 걸 발견해요.

early detection of cancer is vitally important.
암은 조기 발견이 매우 중요하다.

social contact plays a crucial role in the process of diffusion.
사회적인 접촉은 확산의 과정에 중요한 역할을 한다. ??.

social studies textbooks were found to contain the largest number of gender discriminative illustrations , where men appear almost twice as often as women.
사회 교과서가 가장 많은 성 차별적 삽화를 담은 것으로 발견되었는데 남자가 여자의 거의 두 배 등장합니다.

social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis.
최근의 정치 위기에는 사회적 긴장감이 드러나 있었다.

were a man ever so calm , he would lose his presence of mind if confronted by such a crisis.
아무리 침착한 사람일지라도 그러한 위기에 임하면 침착함을 잃는 법이다.

were you brought up religiously ?.
당신은 종교적인 양육을 받았나요 ?.

commoner.
평민.

commoner.
힘없는 서민.

commoner.
평민 태생이다.

shallow.
얕다.

shallow.
게꽁지만 하다.

lake baikal is in a part of siberia.
바이칼 호수는 시베리아의 한 지역에 있다.

constructing the a380 is truly an international undertaking.
a380 제작은 정말이지 범국가적인 작업입니다.

originally from the town of bologna , also the home of baloney. penna all'arrabiata - " angry " quill shaped macaroni with a spicy tomoato sauce.
다소의 파스타 소스 종류에 대해 자세한 것은 아래에 열거되어있다 : 스파게티 까르보나라 - 까르본 - 버너의 스타일과 계란 , " 판세타 " (베이컨 같은) , 파슬 리와 파마산 치즈 파스타 알프레도 - 치즈 , 크림 , 버터 소스 스파게티 아글리오 에 올리오 - 마늘 , 오일소수 , (식사) 파스타 푸타네스카 - " 길거리 스타일 " 로 멸치 , 마늘 , 올리브 , 케이퍼 파스타 마리나라 - 기본 토마토 소스가 곁 드린 파스타 부카티니 알라마트리챠나 - 판세타(베이컨 같은) 와 토마토 소스 파스타 볼로네제 또는 라구 - 발로니의 고향이기도 한 볼로냐에서 유래한 토마토와 다진 고기 소스 펜네 아라비아타 - 깃대 모양의 마카로니와 매운 토마토.

originally it was built by children , which is the nice thing.
원래 이런 열풍은 아이들에 의해 생겨났는데 , 좋은 현상입니다.

developed.
발육이 좋은.

developed.
충분히 발육한.

developed.
중진국.

developed.
지난 수년 동안 오키나와가 개발을 거듭하고 인구도 점차 늘어가는 가운데 현지 주둔 미군과 주민들 사이의 마찰은 점차 심화되어왔습니다.

developed at a cost of some $7 billion , the concorde made its first commercial flight from paris to rio de janeiro , via dakar , senegal , on january 21 , 1976.
개발비 70억 달러가 소요된 콩코드 여객기는 1976년 1월 21일 파리를 출발 , 세네갈의 다카르를 경유하여 리우데자네이루에 이르는 첫 민간 비행을 시작했 다.

developed at a cost of some $7 billion , the concorde made its first commercial flight from paris to rio de janeiro , via dakar , senegal , on january 21 , 1976.
개발비 70억 달러가 소요된 콩코드 여객기는 1976년 1월 21일 파리를 출발 , 세네갈의 다카르를 경유하여 리우데자네이루에 이르는 첫 민간 비행을 시작했다.

developed by archimedes , the archimedes principle contributes greatly to the field of science.
아르키메데스에 의해 만들어진 아르키메데스의 원리는 과학 분야에 엄청난 기여를 하고 있다.

treatment is typically removal of the parathyroid glands , which returns blood pressure to normal.
치료는 일반적으로 부갑상선의 제거인데 , 혈압이 정상으로 되돌아온다.

treatment can include measures such as instilling a cerumenolytic agent such as water , saline or a peroxide agent specifically designed for this process.
치료는 물 , 식염수 혹은 이 과정을 위해 특별히 고안된 과산화수소 같은 귀지액을 떨어트리는 것 같은 조치들을 포함할 수 있습니다.

marine.
해병.

marine.
박용의.

marine.
이등병.

marine life was discovered at depths previously thought to be azoic.
예전에는 무생물 시대로 여겨졌던 지하 심층에서 해양 생명체가 발견되었다.

marine lifeguards discovered two hammerhead sharks swimming not far from mondol beach.
해안 구조대원들은 두 마리의 귀상어가 학동 해수욕장으로부터 멀지 않은 곳에 나타난 것을 발견했다.

effect of the nonlinearity of the soft soil on the elastic and inelastic seismic response spectra.
연약지반의 비선형성이 탄성 및 비탄성 지진응답스펙트럼에 미치는 영향.

effect of components assembly and sizing on the thermal performance of windows.
구성재 조합에 따른 창호의 열성능에 관한 연구.

effect of inlet diffuser-angle for flow uniformity of industrial electrostatic precipitators.
산업용 전기집진기 내 유동 균일성에 대한 입구 디퓨저 확장각의 영향.

effect of inorganic stimulus agent on compressive strength and pore structure of blast furnace slag cement.
무기계 자극제의 첨가가 고로슬래그 시멘트의 압축강도 및 세공구조에 미치는 영향.

effect of velocity of supersonic by sheath in prestressed concrete.
초음파 전파속도에 미치는 영향.

effect of vanes on flow distribution in a diffuser type recuperator header.
디퓨저 타입 레큐퍼레이터 헤더에서 유동분배에 미치는 베인의 영향.

effect of convective heat transfer on ingeractive flow from vertical parallel plates.
수직 평행 평판에서 interactive flow가 대류 열전달에 미치는 영향.

effect of libr concentratoins on corrosion of tube in lithium bromide solution.
리듐브로마이드 수용액에서 배관의 부식에 미치는 농도의 영향.

effect of hydraulic diameter and porosity on striling cycle regenerator.
다공도와 수력 직경이 재생기 유용도에 미치는 영향.

effect of cdma soft handoff on blocking and forced termination probabilities.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

effect of pore diameter of enhanced tubes on the pool boiling performance of refrigerant-oil mixtures.
냉매-오일 풀비등시 전열촉진관의 다공도가 미치는 영향.

effect of interfacial shear stress on the behavior laminar wavy flow.
층류 파동액막의 거동에 대한 계면응력의 영향.

effect of queueing soft handoff attempts on the reverse link capacity in ds-cdma cellular systems.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

effect of desiccant and channel geometrics on the performance of desiccant rotor.
제습제와 채널이 제습로터 성능에 미치는 영향.

effect by additives on latent heat storage materials based on sodium sulfate decahydrate.
망초를 이용한 잠열축열재의 첨가제에 의한 영향.

various parts of his anatomy were clearly visible.
그의 인체 여러 부위가 또렷이 보였다.

korea is the third-largest contributor to the u.s.-led coalition in the war-torn country after the u.s. and britain.
한국은 전쟁으로 폐허가 된 국가에서 미국과 영국 다음으로 미국 주도의 연합군에 가장 많은 기여를 하는 국가이다.

korea is on its way to becoming a multiracial society.
한국은 다 인종 사회로 가고 있는 중이다.

korea is behind european nations in matters of printing.
인쇄에 있어서 한국은 유럽의 여러 나라에 못 미친다.

korea is tenth in the medal rankings.
한국은 메달순위에서 10위를 차지하고 있다.

korea will be a advanced country in ten years.
한국은 10년 후에 선진국이 될 것이다.

korea will be playing against togo from africa on june 13.
한국은 6월 13일에 아프리카의 토고팀과 경기를 할 거예요.

korea and america have been brought closer together.
한미 관계는 더욱 밀접해졌다.

korea was awarded an easy draw in the qualifying rounds for the 2010 world cup that starts in february , grouped with north korea , jordan and turkmenistan.
한국은 2월에 시작될 2010년 월드컵 예선전에서 북한 , 요르단 , 그리고 투르크메니스탄과 한 조가 되면서 쉬운 뽑기 결과가 주어졌습니다.

evaluation of bending strength of glass about strong axis by 4-point bending test.
4점 휨 실험을 통한 유리의 강축 휨강도의 평가.

evaluation of energy dissipation capacity of reinforced concrete beams showing shear pinching.
전단핀칭이 발생한 철근콘크리트 보의 에너지소산능력 평가.

evaluation of ice adhesion in an aqueous solution with functional materials by stirring power.
교반동력에 의한 기능성 물질 함유 수용액의 빙부착 평가.

evaluation of trapezoidal segments for shield tunnelling.
쉴드 터널용 사다리꼴 세그먼트의 효용성 평가.

evaluation on the shear reinforcing for punching failure of flat plate.
플랫 플레이트 뚫림 전단보강 성능평가에 관한 연구.

evaluation on development bond performance for domestic prestressing strands.
국내산 ps 강연선의 전체정착 성능평가.

evaluation for the energy conservation design requirement of building chilling system.
건물 냉열원설비시스템의 에너지절약 설계조건 평가.

evaluation for high strength concrete using pullout test.
인발법을 이용한 고강도 콘크리트 구조물의 강도평가방법.

performance of the cold latent storage system.
냉열잠열축열조의 성능해석.

performance of inner loop power control for the utra fdd reverse link.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

performance evaluation of sky simulator according to scale model sizes.
축소모형 크기에 따른 인공천공돔의 성능평가.

performance evaluation of pf - condenser adopted to package air - conditioner.
패키지에어컨의 적용된 pf 열교환기의 성능평가.

performance test of a r134a centrifugal water chiller.
r134a용 터보냉동기의 성능시험.

performance test of a slab-wick heat pipe for the intermediate temperature range with ethanol and water as working fluids.
물과 에탄올을 작동유체로 하는 중온 범위 슬랩-윅 히트파이프의 성능 시험.

performance analysis of natural ventilation by pst (particle streak tracking) system.
pst(particle streak tracking)시스템을 통한 자연환기 성능분석.

performance comparison of automotive air conditioning system by using r134a and r152a.
r134a와 r152a 냉매를 이용한 자동차용 에어컨 시스템의 성능 비교.

performance comparison between inverter and non-inverter heat pumps using a model house.
모형주택을 이용한 인버터와 일반 열펌프의 성능 비교.

performance characteristics of liquid-cooling heat exchangers with mpcm slurry designed for telecommunication equipment.
mpcm을 적용한 액냉형 냉각기의 성능 특성에 관한 연구.

performance simulation of natural circulating cooling system of sf6 gas charged transformer.
sf6 가스를 충전한 변압기의 자연순환 냉각시스템의 성능시뮬레이션.

performance prediction of small hydropower plant through analysing rainfall date.
강우자료 분석에 의한 소수력 발전소의 성능 예측.

performance enhancement of a pemfc by modification of air inlet flow header configuration.
공기측 입구헤더의 형상 개선을 통한 고분자 전해질 연료전지의 성능 향상.

performance sumulation of a dormestic refrigerator charged with hydrocarbon mixtures.
하이드로 카본 혼합냉매 적용 가정용 냉장고 성능 시뮬레이션.

according to the study , how do children who attend day care compare with children who stay at home ?.
연구 결과에 따르면 탁아소에 다니는 아이들은 집에서 지내는 아이들에 비해 건강이 어떠한가 ?.

according to the actor , fans of the show often confuse fiction with reality , and expect him to behave in the same way that he does onscreen.
잭라이트의 말에 의하면 , 팬들은 픽션과 현실을 종종 혼동하여 , 자신이 연기할 때와 똑같이 행동하기를 기대한다고 합니다.

according to the korea food and drug administration , many korean snacks contain melamine.
식약청에 의하면 , 많은 한국 과자들이 멜라민을 포함하고 있다고 합니다.

according to the official , about 50 insurgents were killed.
약 50명의 탈레반 저항 분자들이 살해됐다고 말했습니다.

according to the official announcement , a week of bloodshed has caused at least 20 people to be killed.
공식 발표에 의하면 일주일 간의 유혈 폭력 사태로 적어도 20명이 사망했습니다.

according to the article , insects are very tasty.
그 기사에 따르면 , 벌레는 아주 맛있대.

according to the weather forecast , a strong typhoon is coming our way.
일기 예보에 의하면 , 강한 태풍이 우리 쪽으로 다가오고 있대요.

according to the revealed findings in the medical journal , a protein called torc2 regulates glucose levels in the blood stream.
의학 저널에 실린 이번 연구결과에 따르면 , torc2라는 단백질이 혈류의 포도당 수치를 조절한다고 한다.

according to the speaker , what is true about diversified bank ?.
다이버시파이드 은행에 대한 설명으로 옳은 것은 무엇인가 ?.

according to the speaker , who are diversified bank's main clients ?.
다이버시파이드 은행의 주 고객은 누구라고 화자는 말하는가 ?.

according to the chart , how many cities have altitudes above 1 , 800 meters ?.
도표에 따르면 몇 개 도시가 1 , 800 미터 이상에 위치하고 있는가 ?.

according to the passage , where is the second largest reef in the world ?.
이 글에 의하면 세계 제 2의 거대 암초는 어디에 있는가 ?.

according to the passage , who is sending the memorandum ?.
위 지문에 따르면 회람을 보낸 사람은 ?.

according to the brochure , how does rapid progress claim to save its clients money ?.
안내 책자에 의하면 , 래피드 프로그레스 사는 어떻게 고객들의 비용을 절감해 준다고 하는가 ?.

according to the programme , moveable type was invented in china.
그 프로그램에 의하면 , 이동식 활자는 중국에서 발명되었다.

according to the peruvians , the beverage has the power to cure asthma , bronchitis and even sluggishness !.
페루 사람들에 의하면 , 이 음료에는 천식 , 기관지염 그리고 심지어 게으름까지 치료해주는 힘이 있다는 군요 !.

according to the phuket gazette , october 23 , 2007 , the san francisco-based veg news magazine voted phuket (during the festival) as one of the " 10 best veg destinations in the world ," in its third annual awards.
2007년 10월 23일 푸켓 가젯에 따르면 , 샌프란시스코에 기반을 둔 " 채식주의 뉴스 " 잡지가 세 번째 시상에서 , (축제 기간동안) 푸켓을 " 세계 10대 채식주의자 여행지 " 중 하나로 선정했다고 합니다.

according to our records , your refund is due to your overpayment on account #1983990.
저희 기록에 의하면 고객님의 환불은 계좌 번호 1983990에 대한 과불금으로 인한 것입니다.

according to tom thumb's owners , susan and archie thomson , he only weighed around one and a half ounces and measured just eight centimeters from head to rump.
톰 썸 주인인 수잔과 아치 톰슨 씨의 말에 따르면 , 그는 무게가 1.5온스이고 머리부터 엉덩이까지 고작 8cm라고 한다.

according to chinese health officials , a man who is suspected case of avian flu is hospitalized in critical condition in guangdong province.
중국 광동성에서 또 조류독감 증세를 나타낸 남자가 병원에 입원했으나 중태에 빠져 있습니다.

according to doctors , eating a small amount of melamine is not very dangerous.
의사들에 따르면 , 소량의 멜라민을 섭취하는 것은 매우 위험하지는 않다고 합니다.

according to environmentalists , people are still continuing to dump this dangerous waste illegally in spite of strict new laws against dumping.
환경학자들에 따르면 , 위험폐기물의 무단폐기에 대한 강력한 새 법에도 불구하고 사람들은 여전히 무단 폐기를 계속하고 있다고 한다.

according to davis , they have had a 100 percent success rate in preventing unauthorized access and loss of property.
데이비스 씨에 따르면 이 시스템은 무단 침입과 재산 피해를 막는 데 100%의 성공률을 자랑하고 있다고 한다.

according to muslim theology there is alone one god.
이슬람 신학에 따르면 신은 다만 하나뿐이다.

according to duke , at least 20% of addictive gamblers attempt suicide and about two-thirds of them consider it.
듀크의 말에 따르면 , 도박 중독자들 가운데 적어도 20%가 자살을 기도하고 3분의 2가 자살을 생각한다고 합니다.

according to present law , the authorities can only punish smugglers with small fines.
야생동물 관리 당국에서 오랑우탄 밀수업자들을 그들이 타이로 입국하려 할 때 체포했다.

according to statutory duty , the police must advise people of their 'miranda rights'.
법이 명시된 의무에 따라 , 경찰은 '미란다 원칙'을 고지해야 한다.

according to warner bros. president and chief operating officer alan horn , the move was made to take advantage of the busy summer season.
워너브라더스 대표이자 최고운영책임자 앨런 호른의 말에 따르면 , 이 영화는 바쁜 여름 시즌을 이용하기 위해 만들어졌다고 합니다.

according to itar-tass news agency , two russian deep-sea submersibles made a test dive in polar waters on july 29 ahead of a mission to be the first to reach the seabed under the north pole.
이타르타스 통신사에 따르면 , 두 대의 러시아 심해 잠수함이 극해에 침투하는 테스트를 북극 아래 심해에 첫 번째로 도착하려는 임무에 앞서 7월 29일 실행했다고 합니다.

according to rajat gupta , director of nayar hospital , many of the improvements to the children's wing were financed by charitable donations from wealthy businesspeople.
나야르 병원의 원장인 라자트 굽타에 의하면 , 소아 병동의 개량 공사 중 다수는 부유한 사업가들의 자선 기부로 재정을 충당했다.

according to sprint executive jim thomas , the new link to cambodia expands the company's presence in southeast asia.
스프린트사 간부인 짐 토마스씨는 캄보디아와의 전화선 신설로 이 회사가 동남아에서의 활동영역을 넓히게 됐다고 합니다.

add a touch of water if sauce becomes too thick.
소스가 너무 진하면 물을 좀 더하세요.

add a shared folder and assign access permissions.
공유 폴더를 추가하고 액세스 권한을 지정합니다.

add a dash of lemon juice.
레몬주스를 약간 넣어라.

add , onions , garlic and water ; bring to boiling , cook over medium heat until the onions are translucent.
양파와 마늘 , 그리고 물을 넣은 뒤 양파가 반투명해질 때까지 중간불에 끓여서 조리한다.

add the vanilla , set aside to cool until tepid.
바닐라를 첨가하고 , 미지근해질 때 까지 식히기 위해 한쪽에 놓아두세요.

add water and cook apples until soft.
물은 추가하고 사과를 부드러워질 때까지 요리하라.

add an egg yolk to make the mixture bind.
달걀노른자를 넣어서 혼합한 재료가 뭉치게 하라.

add an egg yolk to bind the mixture together.
달걀노른자를 넣어서 혼합한 재료가 뭉치게 하라.

add oil and toss to coat well.
기름을 넣고 소시지에 골고루 묻도록 잘 버무린다.

add 3 fillets , skin side down , and cook until skin is golden brown and crisp , 2 to 3 minutes.
3조각의 필레를 생선껍질이 밑으로 향하게 놓은 후 껍질이 황갈색이 돌면서 파삭파삭해질 때까지 2~3분간 굽는다.

add chocolate and shortening and blend well.
초콜릿과 쇼트닝을 넣고 잘 섞으세요.

add chocolate chips at the appropriate moment foryour machine.
초콜릿 조각들을 적절한 시점에 기계에 넣어라.

add remaining 1 tablespoon oil to skillet.
남은 1큰술의 기름을 프라이팬에 두른다.

add potatoes and mix lightly , to minimize breakage.
지난번에 우리가 이사를 했을 때는 파손된 물품이 아주 적었다.

add beef and continue to stir fry.
소고기를 넣고 계속 재빨리 볶아라.

add chicken and reserved 1 cup broth and cook 2 to 4 minutes more , until thickened.
닭고기와 컵에 따라둔 육수를 첨가해 걸쭉해질 때까지 2~4분 더 끓인다.

add sesame oil and white pepper to taste.
맛을 내기 위해 참기름과 흰 후주를 넣으세요.

add squash and enough chicken broth to cover.
호박을 넣고 충분히 잠기도록 닭 육수를 붓는다.

add egg whites to dough and mix until egg white are adsorbed intothe dough.
물감이 섬유에 흡착된다.

add mixture to stew to thicken.
이것을 스튜에 넣어 걸쭉하게 한다.

add coconut and saute until lightly browned.
코코넛을 넣고 옅은 갈색을 띌때까지 재빨리 튀겨주세요.

add spaghetti and toss to coat well.
스파게티를 첨가하고 잘덮어 섞어라.

add eggplant , pine nuts and capers.
가지 , 소나무 열매 , 그리고 케이퍼를 넣으세요.

run the cassette back for me and i will see.
카세트를 다시 틀어봐요. 제가 들어볼테니까요.

oil prices rose past 74 dollars a barrel today (tuesday) amid concerns that international pressure on iran over its nuclear program might disrupt the country's oil exports.
이란의 핵개발 계획분쟁을 둘러싼 국제적 압력으로 이란의 원유수출에 차질이 빚어 질른지도 모른다는 우려로 화요일 , 원유 가격이 다시1배럴 당 74를 돌 파한 가운데 이같이 말했습니다.

as i am used to sea voyage , i never get seasick.
나는 늘 배를 타 버릇해서 배 멀미가 나지 않는다.

as i said , i was horrified by that.
내가 말했다시피 , 나는 그것에 의해 소름끼치게 했다.

as i try to be truthful , i expect everyone else to be truthful.
이 글은 순수성 , 진실성 , 우아함 , 타당성의 기준에 의해서 평가되었다.

as i walk by , men turn and react appreciatively.
내가 지나갈 때 , 사람들은 고개를 돌려 호감 있게 쳐다본다.

as he is a straightforward person , we can read his face.
그는 솔직한 사람이기 때문에 얼굴을 읽을 수가 있다.

as he was out of temper , i did not broach the subject.
그가 기분이 언짢기에 그 얘기를 꺼내지 않았다.

as he knows our secrets , he should be sworn to secrecy.
그가 우리의 비밀을 알고 있으므로 비밀을 지킬 것을 맹세시켜야 한다.

as a very small child she had learned to mistrust adults.
아주 어린아이 시절에 그녀는 어른을 불신하도록 배웠다.

as a small child , he witnessed his father being shot by his maternal uncle.
어렸을 때 자신의 아버지가 외삼촌이 쏜 총으로 죽는 것을 목격했다.

as a marine aviator , he flew more than 100 sorties over north and south vietnam , laos and cambodia.
해병대 조종사로서 , 그는 남북 베트남 , 라오스 그리고 캄보디아로 100회 이상 출격했다.

as a member of the x-men she's rogue , a mutant who is able to drain all your power and even your life and take that power as her own.
" x-men - 엑스맨 " 의 일원으로 , 그녀는 여러분의 모든 힘 , 심지어는 생명까지도 빼앗아 그녀의 것으로 그 힘을 취할 수 있는 로그 역이다.

as a woman , sports commentator , and tv personality , i'me often been asked to speak about the history of woman in sports.
여성으로 , 스포츠 해설가로 , tv 출연자로서 , 저는 여성 스포츠의 역사에 대해 말해 달라는 요청을 자주 받습니다.

as a result , concludes the study's author , productivity is being wasted.
이번 조사의 실시자는 이로 인해 생산성이 떨어지고 있다는 결론을 내리고 있다.

as a result , swedish households could not afford to save.
그 결과 , 스웨덴 가정들은 거의 저축을 할 수 없었습니다.

as a child he would often escape into a dreamworld of his own.
그는 어렸을 때 곧잘 자기만의 상상의 세계로 도피하곤 했다.

as a former intelligent expert , he had information about enemy cipher.
전직 정보 전문가로서 그는 적 암호에 관한 정보를 가지고 있었다.

as a former intelligence expert , he had information about enemy cipher.
정보 전문가로서 그는 적군의 암호에 대한 정보를 가지고 있었다.

as a prisoner , the politician gets to eat the usual austere prison food.
죄수로서 그 정치인은 보통의 엄격한 교도소 음식을 먹어야 한다.

as a communication specialist , i have conducted numerous surveys asking people what they are most angry at during conversation.
대화 전문가로써 , 나는 사람들이 대화 중 어떤 상황에서 가장 화가 나는지에 대한 수 많은 설문조사를 해왔습니다.

as a shot , i should say she's about forty.
내 짐작으로는 그 여자는 40세 전후이다.

as a director , he is currently in the ascendant in hollywood.
감독으로서 그는 현재 헐리웃에서 상승세를 타고 있다.

as a male dancer if you are dancing very tenderly , very soft , the society does not accept easily.
남성 무용수가 아주 부드럽고 섬세하게 춤을 추면 사회에서는 쉽게 받아들이지 않죠.

as a dedication to our customers , we are open monday thru friday 6 : 30 am-7 : 00 pm , saturday 6 : 30 am-6 : 00 pm.
고객에 대한 봉사의 마음으로 우리 세탁소는 월요일부터 금요일까지는 오전 6시 30분부터 저녁 7시까지 영업하며 , 토요일은 오전 6시 30분부터 오후 6시까 지입니다.

as a dedication to our customers , we are open monday thru friday 6 : 30 am-7 : 00 pm , saturday 6 : 30 am-6 : 00 pm.
고객에 대한 봉사의 마음으로 우리 세탁소는 월요일부터 금요일까지는 오전 6시 30분부터 저녁 7시까지 영업하며 , 토요일은 오전 6시 30분 부터 오후 6시까지입니다.

as a coach , i always tell my players about the one percent rule.
코치인 나는 우리 선수들에게 1퍼센트의 규칙에 관해서 늘 말한다.

as a non-prescription , calcium-rich relaxant , calmbrew has been a lifesaver in our holistic practice !.
의사의 처방전 없이 구입할 수 있고 칼슘이 풍부한 이완음료인 캠브루는 심신을 함께 치료하는 우리에게 너무나 중요한 역할을 하고 있습니다.

as a non-prescription , calcium-rich relaxant , calmbrew has been a lifesaver in our holistic practice !.
의사의 처방전 없이 구입할 수 있고 칼슘이 풍부한 이완음료인 캠브루는 심신을 함께 치료하는 우리에게 너무나 중요한 역할을 하고 있습니 다.

as a globemaster cardholder , you are provided with coverage for losses due to collision , fire , theft , or vandalism of the rented vehicle up to its full value.
글로브마스터 카드 회원으로서 , 귀하는 렌트자동차의 충돌 사고 , 화재 , 도난 , 또는 제3자에 의한 고의 파손 행위로 인해 생긴 손실에 대해 시가까지 보험 혜 택을 받으실 수 있습니다.

as a counterproposal to the u.s.
미국에 대한 대안으로써.

as the car rounded the bend in the road , it lost control.
그 차가 구부러진 길을 돌 때 통제를 잃었다.

as the world cup approached , the soccer craze erupted like a volcano.
월드컵이 다가오자 축구 열기가 활화산처럼 타올랐다.

as the city gets ready to host the 2008 olympics , beijing is sparing no effort to clean up the city's image.
2008년 베이징 올림픽 개최를 준비하면서 베이징 시는 도시 이미지 쇄신에 혼신의 힘을 쏟고 있습니다.

as the u.s. enters an election year , trade deficits and job loss are becoming controversial campaign issues.
미국은 선거의 해를 맞아 무역 적자와 실업 문제가 선거 유세의 쟁점으로 부각되고 있습니다.

as the meeting progressed , calls for greater discretion predominated.
회의가 진행됨에 따라 좀 더 신중하자는 견해가 지배적이었다.

as the source of power , petroleum and electricity have now replaced coal.
동력 자원으로서 석유와 전력이 석탄과 대치되었다.

as the gap between good companies and bad companies widens , we must scrutinize companies' performances more closely.
좋은 회사와 나쁜 회사의 차이가 벌어짐에 따라 , 우리는 회사들의 실적을 좀더 자세히 조사해야 한다.

as the spring arrives , the sap starts to rise in the trees.
봄이 되면 나무에 물이 오르기 시작한다.

as the internet banking quickly becomes a panacea for organized criminals to launder money , an estimated $1 trillion is said to be laundered worldwide each year.
인터넷 뱅킹이 갑자기 조직범죄자들의 돈 세탁에 만병통치약으로 등장하면서 매년 약 1조 달러의 돈이 세계적으로 세탁되고 있다고 한다.

as the outbreak of disease turned into a full-scale pandemic , 11 million pigs in the europe had to be destroyed.
병의 발병이 전 세계적인 전염병이 되면서 1100만 마리의 돼지들이 유럽에서 소각되었다.

as the century progressed , the symphony became the predominant form of musical expression.
세기가 지남에 따라 , 교향곡은 음악적 표현의 지배적인 형식이 되었다.

as the vase shattered on the floor , the glass shards flew everywhere.
꽃병이 바닥에 떨어지면서 유리 파편이 사방으로 튀었다.

as the protagonist of the animation dragon ball , sonokong challenges against powerful villains.
드래곤볼 만화의 주인공인 손오공은 강력한 악당에 맞서 싸운다.

as the tsunami came to the town , everyone was fishy about the gills.
해일이 마을로 다가오자 , 사람들은 새파랗게 질렸다.

as the chick matured , it began to develop a comb.
병아리가 자라면서 볏이 돋아나기 시작했다.

as you can surmise from the title , the novel has an unhappy conclusion.
제목으로 미루어 알 수 있듯이 그 소설은 불행하게 결말이 난다.

as you know , there's a new malady sweeping the nation.
당신이 알고 있다 시피 , 그 나라 전체적으로 새로운 병폐가 있다.

as you know we are having a fire drill today.
알다시피 오늘 화재 대피 훈련이 있습니다.

as you may have noticed , mr. speaker , i am becoming increasingly cantankerous with age.
스피커씨 , 이미 봐서 알고 계실지도 모르지만 , 저는 나이를 먹으면서 점점 더 성미가 고약해지고 있습니다.

as you inhale , check the muscle groups in your body : face , neck , shoulders , arms , belly , legs , and feet.
숨을 들이마실 때는 얼굴 , 목 , 어깨 , 팔 , 배꼽 , 다리 , 그리고 발 부위의 근육을 점검해보기 바란다.

as she is not worth a bean , just forget about her.
생각할 가치도 없는 여자야. 잊어버려.

as she gets set to re-team with richard gere in runaway bride , the pretty woman says she's happy at last.
(귀여운 여인 이후) 런어웨이 브라이드에서 다시 리처드 기어와 호흡을 맞추게 되자 그녀는 비로소 행복하다고 말했다.

as it approaches the sea , the river begins to widen.
강은 바다에 가까와짐에 따라 넓어지기 시작한다.

as they had conspired earlier , they pretended not to know each other.
그들은 미리 짜 놓은 각본대로 서로 모르는 척했다.

as they pass by , a piteous wailing is heard.
그렇게 오래 전에 있었던 일을 두고 투덜거려 봐야 소용없는 일이다.

as children they were brainwashed with this curriculum that is full of hate and hostility toward the other.
어릴 때부터 다른 나라에 대한 증오와 적대감에 가득찬 이같은 교과과정으로 세뇌당합니다.

as time went on , the norse goddess was transformed into a witch.
시간이 지남에 따라 , 노르웨이 신은 마녀로 바뀌었어요.

as her name boasted , the titanic was indeed the biggest ship in the world.
타이타닉호에 대해 말했듯이 , 실제로 세계에서 가장 큰 배였다.

as an aside , you know , this was all caused by a five-dollar hose connecting your washer to the water supply , do not you ?.
그건 그렇고 , 이번 일은 모두 세탁기와 수도를 연결하는 5달러 짜리 호스 때문에 일어난 것 아시죠 ?.

as an undergraduate at the university of california , i developed an appreciation for the great art of filmmaking.
저는 캘리포니아 대학교의 학부 재학생으로서 , 영화 제작이라는 위대한 예술에 대해 제대로 이해할 수 있었습니다.

as an antioxidant , vitamin c neutralizes free radicals in the human body.
비타민 c는 항산화 물질로서 인체의 활성 산소를 중화시킨다.

as many as twenty passengers were killed and wounded in that train wreck.
그 열차 사고에 자그마치 20명의 사상자가 났다.

as long as you adopt an aggressive approach , nothing can stand in your way.
네가 진취적인 자세를 취하면 네 앞길을 방해하는 것은 아무것도 없다.

as one of the founders of the restaurant , trudy hall is most appreciated for her delectable pasta sauces.
식당의 창립자 중 한 사람으로서 트루디 홀은 그녀의 맛있는 파스타 소스로 가장 높이 평가 받고 있다.

as years go by , i feel more homesick.
해를 거듭할수록 고향 생각이 간절하다.

as discussed , the broken dinnerware will be returned c.od.
말했던 것처럼 , 깨진 식기는 대금상환 조건으로 반품할 것입니다.

as already described , nourishing the body is easy , but how do we nourish our minds and spirits on a regular basis ?.
이미 설명했듯이. 몸에 영양을 공급하는 것은 쉽지만 어떻게 우리는 마음과 정신에 정기적으로 영양을 공급할까요 ?.

as already noted , cognitive behavior therapy has been a part of depression treatment for quite awhile now.
아까도 말했지만 , 인지 행동 치료가 우울증 치료법의 일부가 된 지는 꽤 되었다.

as such , muslims commit themselves fully to allah.
그와 같이 무슬림들은 알라에게 모든 것을 맡긴다.

as soon as i give him a tumble , i tried hard.
그를 인정하자마자 나는 노력했다.

as soon as the boss left on vacation , the office calm was shattered by a series of crises.
상사가 휴가로 자리를 비우자마자 문제가 계속 터지면서 사무실의 평온함이 깨져 버렸다.

as soon as the bristles on your toothbrush begin to wear , throw it out.
반드시 뻣뻣한 모로 만 든 이 솔을 사용하시고 싱크대 안쪽뿐만 아니라 바닥과 가장자리도 청소하세요.

as soon as she dove into the water , it became obvious that she had done a lot of swimming.
그녀가 물속에 들어가는 순간 그녀가 대단한 수영 실력자라는 사실을 알 수 있었다.

as soon as an ad comes on , i just change the channel.
광고가 나오면 채널을 바꿔버려요.

as consumers balk , chinese car sales in october fell by 20% to 60 , 000 units , a nine-month low.
10월의 중국 자동차 매출고는 9개월 만에 최저인 6만대 선으로 20퍼센트 감소했다.

as far as a singer is concerned , his voice is as dear as his life.
가수는 목소리가 생명이다.

as passenger jets go , they simply do not come any bigger.
제트 여객기 중에서 a380기보다 규모가 큰 기종은 없습니다.

as camera phones become more common , reports of peeping toms are also rising.
카메라폰이 점점 보편화되면서 관음증 남성들에 관한 보고도 증가하고 있습니다.

as malaysian and australian peacekeepers carried out door-to-door searches for weapons and rioters in dili.
말레이시아군과 호주군 병력으로 편성된 평화유지군은 딜리에서 폭도들과 무기를 찾아내기 위해 가택수색을 벌였습니다.

as usual at that hour , the place was deserted.
그 시간이면 늘 그렇듯 그 장소에는 사람이 아무도 없었다.

as negative as this may sound , pessimists generally bring with them negative vibes.
비관적으로 들릴 수도 있겠지만 , 비관주의자들은 일반적으로 부정적인 분위기를 가지고 옵니다.

as dessert , cantaloupe tastes good on a hot day.
참외는 더운 날 디저트로 먹으면 맛이 좋다.

as passionate protests gave way to somber laments , thousands of miles apart two brothers express sadness.
격렬했던 시위가 이제 엄숙한 애도로 바뀐 가운데 수천 마일이나 떨어져 있는 두 형제가 슬픔을 표합니다.

as asia's foreign exchange reserves rise to about $2 trillion , economists increasingly urge immediate action to correct the imbalance before a crisis occurs.
아시아의 외환 보유고가 약 2조 달러를 넘어선 가운데 , 위기가 발생하기 이전에 불균형을 시정하기 위한 즉각적인 행동을 촉구하는 경제학 자들이 점점 더 늘고 있습니다.

as voa's kurt achin reports from seoul , the south koreans made concessions , as well.
서울에서 voa의 커트 아친 기자는 한국 정부 역시 이에 대한 양보를 했다고 전했습니다.

as mitosis begins , chromosomes condense , they become visible under a light microscope.
체세포 분열이 시작돼면 , 염색체가 현미경에 보이게 된다.

as revolutions beget revolutions , changes beget more changes.
혁명이 혁명을 낳는 것과 같이 변화의 바람은 더 많은 변화를 가져온다.

as oregano comes from the mediterranean , it is a perfect complement to aubergines and peppers.
오레가노는 지중해에서 나오기 때문에 가지와 후추를 완벽히 보완하는 식품이다.

as urbanization continues to increase , the wolves are being egregiously exterminated.
도시화가 점점 증가함에 따라 늑대들이 잔인하게 학살되고 있다.

as contrasted with cd players , mp3 players are smaller and lighter.
cd 플레이어와 대조해서 mp3 플레이어는 더 작고 더 가볍다.

as reprinted in the jul/aug , 1992 issue of cookbook digest.
그 책은 잘 팔려서 여러 차례 찍었다.

little children go off to dreamland each night.
어린 아이들은 매일 밤 꿈나라로 떠난다.

little did he think that it would be a lifelong parting.
그것이 생이별이 될 줄을 그는 꿈에도 생각치 못했다.

little hours.
육도음정.

little mozart was a triton among minnows.
어린 모차르트는 군계일학이었다.

u.s. officials have condemned the misconduct and say seven soldiers have been punished.
미국 관리들은 그 같은 부정행위를 규탄하는 한편 , 수감자를 학대한 미군 병사 7명을 처벌했다고 말하고 있습니다.

u.s. officials say only a few issues remain unresolved.
미국 관리들은 , 단지 2-3가지 문제만 해결되지 않고 있을 뿐이라고 말하고 있습니다.

u.s. ambassador to south korea alexander vershbow also said a test fire would have negative consequences for pyongyang.
버쉬바우 대사는 또 미사일 시험 발사는 북한에 부정적인 결과를 초래할것이라고 덧붙였습니다.

u.s. ambassador to south korea alexander vershbow says a missile test would augment the north's isolation.
알렉산더 버쉬바우 주한 미국대사는 미사일시험 발사는 북한의 고립만을 더욱 증대시킬 것이라고 말했습니다.

u.s. balkans envoy james o' brien met yugoslavia's president vojislav kostunica and congratulated him on steps toward democracy.
미국의 발칸 지역 특사인 제임스 오브라이언은 유고의 보이슬라브 코스투니차 대통령을 접견한 자리에서 민주주의를 향해 진일보한 것을 축하했습니다.

u.s. gymnast paul hamm will keep his olympic gold medal.
미 체조선수 폴 햄이 올림픽 금메달을 계속 보유할 수 있게 되었습니다.

government authorities expressed their displeasure at the distorted view of history taken by the japanese.
정부 당국은 일본의 잘못된 역사 인식에 유감을 표명했다.

government predictions that the worst of the recession has already passed are being greeted with skepticism by some economists.
최악의 경기 침체는 이미 벗어났다는 정부의 예견에 대해 일부 경제학자들이 회의적인 반응을 보이고 있다.

tie the books with a cord.
그 책들을 끈으로 묶어라.

turkey.
칠면조.

turkey.
실패작.

turkey.
터키.

turkey and greece came near to a war about 10 years ago.
나토(북대서양조약기구) 소속인 양국은 10년 전에 전쟁 직전의 위기까지 갔습니다.

turkey meat is used as food at christmas.
칠면조 고기는 크리스마스 때 음식으로 이용된다.

officials have been sent by greece , bulgaria , lithuania and turkey.
이번 회의에는 주최국인 루마니아와 우크라이나 , 아르메니아 , 그루지아 , 몰도바 , 아제르바이잔 대통령이 참석했고 , 그리스와 불가리아 , 리투아니아 , 터키는 고위 대표들을 파견했습니다.

officials say at least 150 other people were wounded in the blasts late monday.
경찰은 지난 월요일 폭발로 인해 적어도 150명이 부상했다고 말했습니다.

officials said the guerillas , who have limited communications , might have been unaware of the ceasefire when they abducted the soldiers.
관리들은 통신수단이 제한된 반군들이 군인들을 납치했을 때 , 휴전 사실을 몰랐을 수도 있다고 말했습니다.

greece is a richly historied land.
그리스는 역사 깊은 나라이다.

borders ? it's only three times that the pair had seen each other in the past five months.
올 초 이들은 몬트리올에 있는 집에서 함께 지내면서 손튼은 레버티라는 영화를 찍고 , 졸리는 비욘드 보더스라는 영화 리허설을 했는데 그 이후 지난 5개월 동안 이 커플이 만난 것은 고작 세 번에 불과하다.

eight people died and twenty-six were injured today , fifteen of them seriously , when a bus collided with a truck.
오늘 버스가 트럭과 충돌한 사고로 여덟 명이 죽고 26명이 다쳤는데 , 그 중 15명은 중상입니다.

eight districts in west bengal have been hit by the virus , with authorities reporting over 100 , 000 bird deaths and teams trying to cull 700 , 000 chickens and ducks.
당국이 100 , 000명의 조류 독감 사망자를 보고하고 팀들은 700 , 000마리의 닭과 오리를 추려서 죽이려고 하면서 서부 벵갈 지역의 8개 지역은 조류 독감에 의 해 강타당했습니다.

eight biracial children from south korea received a warm welcome at pittsburg international airport on december 3 , after hines ward and local host families gathered to greet them.
하인즈 워드와 지역 호스트 가족들이 8명의 한국인 혼혈아들을 맞이하기 위해 모인 후에 , 이 8명의 아이들은 12월 3일 피츠버그 국제 공항에서 따뜻한 환영 을 받았다.

countries must have legally binding renewable energy targets.
국가들은 무엇보다 먼저 합법적으로 구속력있는 재생 에너지 목표를 가져야 한다고 강조합니다.

iran remains defiant about its nuclear program , which it says is for peaceful purposes.
이란은 평화적인 목적이라면서 핵 계획에 대해 계속 도전적인 태도를 보이고 있습니다.

iran says it is decided to continue enrichment of uranium on its territory , despite international calls to halt such work.
이란은 20일 , 국제적인 중단 촉구에도 불구하고 , 이란에서 우라늄 농축활동을 계속할 결의로 있다고 밝혔습니다.

also , do not forget to carry your puffer when you go out.
또한 , 밖에 나갈 때는 숨 쉬는 것을 도와주는 기구를 가지고 나가세요.

also , the labor statistics revealed last week indicate a reduction in the number of job seekers.
또한 지난 주 노동부의 통계는 일자리를 찾는 구직자들의 숫자의 감소를 보여주고 있다.

also , the larger the diameter of the wheels is , the more stable the scooter is.
또한 , 바퀴의 직경이 더 클수록 , 더 안정적인 스쿠터이다.

also , when i saw the movie , i periodically blacked out from boredom.
나도 그 영화볼때 너무 지루해서 거의 멍해있었어.

also , of course , it's a distraction.
그리고 , 확실하게 , 그것은 집중을 방해하는 것이다.

also , being on the lookout for offers of free prizes that require shipping and handling fees.
또한 발송 경비를 내야 하는 사은품에 대해서는 경계하십시오.

also , many conditions involve the mucous membranes.
또한 많은 조건들이 점막을 포함하고 있습니다.

also , according to hubble senior project scientist david leckrone , hubble and various ground telescopes unexpectedly discovered that the universe's expansion is accelerating , instead of slowing down as one might expect due to the pull of gravity from galaxies.
또한 , 허블 수석 계획 과학자인 데이빗 레크론에 의하면 , 허블과 다양한 지상 망원경은 사람들이 은하로부터의 중력 때문에 늦춰질 거라고 기대했던 것과 는 달리 우주의 팽창은 가속하고 있다는 것을 우연히 발견했습니다.

also , due to its acidity , orange juice can cause tooth damage if you do not brush your teeth after drinking it !.
또한 , 산성도 때문에 , 만약 여러분이 오렌지 주스를 마신 후에 이를 닦지 않는다면 그것은 치아 손상을 일으킬 수 있습니다.

also , acid rain has left many lakes in canada totally devoid of life.
게다가 , 산성비는 캐나다의 많은 호수들에 생물체가 전혀 없도록 만들었다.

also known as parlor ivy , or the sweetheart vine , the heartleaf philodendron is very tolerant of a range of conditions , making it the perfect houseplant for beginners.
거실 담쟁이 덩굴 혹은 스윗하트 덩굴로도 알려진 이것은 다양한 조건에 매우 내구성이 강하며 초심자를 위한 완벽한 화초입니다.

also comes with a free bonus gift !.
또한 무료 보너스 상품도 있습니다 !.

also underpasses are probably more liable to suffer from graffiti.
또한 지하도는 아마 더욱 낙서로 고통 받기 쉽다.

build up decision making system for management and envitonment accompany change the environment police.
환경정책변화에 따른 경영 및 환경 의사결정체계 구축.

only the united states and britain have identified more human ests.
오직 미국과 영국만이 인간의 더 많은 est를 식별한다.

only the plate glass of the aquarium separated him from the shark's menacing teeth.
상어의 위협적인 이빨과 그 사람 사이를 가로막고 있는 것은 오직 수족관의 판유리뿐이었다.

only the bulbs was lighting up the desiccated animal heads and dusty , unread books in the room.
그 방에는 전등만이 마른 동물의 머리와 먼지가 쌓인 채 읽지 않은 책들을 밝혀주고 있었다.

only our luxury cars have a charge for mileage. this one's unlimited. it's all in the price.
고급 차종에만 마일당 요금이 부과됩니다. 이 차는 제한이 없어요. 요금에 다 포함돼 있습니다.

only his family , who knew him best , retain a decorous silence.
그를 최고라고 알고있었던 그의 가족은 , 깊은 침묵을 유지 했다. ,.

only credit cards valid for at least six months will be accepted.
최소한 6개월 간 유효한 상태에 있는 신용카드만 받습니다.

only sodas are allowed inside the stadiums.
경기장 내에선 소다수만 팔게 되어 있어요.

women are twice as likely as men to develop certain musculoskeletal disorders of the upper body , state university scientists contend.
상체에 특정 근골 질환들이 발생할 가능성이 여성들은 남성들보다 2배나 높다고 주립대학 과학자들은 주장한다.

women are diagnosed with it two-to-four times as often as men.
남성들보다는 2~4배나 더 많은 여성들이 그러한 진단을 받고 있습니다.

women are taught to hurt each other and bend the truth.
여자들은 서로 아프게하고 진실을 왜곡하도록 가르쳐져왔다.

women have also learned the importance of regular checkups and early detection for diseases.
또한 여성들은 정기검진과 질병의 조기발견의 중요성을 알게 되었다.

women tended to underreport their weight , the study shows.
그 연구는 여성들이 그들의 몸무게를 줄여서 말하는 경향이 있음을 보여준다.

human rights group amnesty international has urged the united nations to protect civilians in eastern chad from attacks originating in sudan's darfur region.
인권단체인 국제사면위원회 (앰네스티 인터내셔널)은 유엔에 대해 수단의 다르푸르 지역에서 이뤄지고 있는 공격으로 부터 차드 동부의 민간인들을 보호 해줄 것을 촉구했습니다.

human rights monitors say these efforts have yet to yield significant results.
인권감시단체들은 이 같은 노력이 아직 이렇다 할 결과를 내지 못하고 있다고 지적합니다.

cases like the internet worm that penetrated thousands of computers across the country , or the german wily hacker , who successfully broke into at least 30 computers operated by the u.s. military and its contractors , are among the best publicized.
전국에 있는 수천대의 컴퓨터에 침입한 인터넷 웜이라든가 , 미국 군대와 군수 하청업자들이 사용하는 컴퓨터 중 적어도 30대에 성공적으로 침입했던 독일 인 윌리 헤커 같은 사례들이 가장 잘 알려진 것들이다.

cases like the internet worm that penetrated thousands of computers across the country , or the german wily hacker , who successfully broke into at least 30 computers operated by the u.s. military and its contractors , are among the best publicized.
전국에 있는 수천대의 컴퓨터에 침입한 인터넷 웜이라든가 , 미국 군대와 군수 하청업자들이 사용하는 컴퓨터 중 적어도 30대에 성공적으로 침입했던 독일인 윌리 헤커 같은 사례들이 가장 잘 알려진 것들이다.

china is the largest country in the world , with over one billion people.
10억 이상 인구의 중국은 세계에서 가장 큰 나라이다.

china is located on the north of the korean peninsula.
중국은 한반도의 북쪽에 위치하고 있다.

china will continue to provide humanitarian help to the palestinian people within our capacity.
중국은 능력 껏 팔레스타인 국민에 대한 인도주의 원조를 계속 제공할 것입니다.

china says moves by the united states and european union to curb its booming textile exports are unfair.
중국은 중국산 섬유류 제품의 수입을 제한하려는 미국과 유럽 연합의 움직임은 불공정한 것이라고 비난했습니다.

china has tried to dissuade and cajole and encourage the north koreans to open up and not to go down the path of developing nuclear weapons.
중국은 북한을 구슬려 자체 핵무기 개발 계획을 단념시키기 위해 노력하면서 개방과 함께 핵무기 개발의 길로 나아가지 말도록 고무시켜 왔습니다.

china has focused on a major military to taiwan.
타이완은 중국에게 여전히 군사적으로 중요한 사안으로 남아있습니다.

china certainly is seen as a threat by many in taiwan.
하지만 많은 대만인들에게 중국은 분명히 위협적인 존재입니다.

iraq is unlikely to consider using them now.
이라크는 지금도 그러한 무기의 사용을 고려하지 않는 듯하다.

iraq was on the list , but was dropped from the list after the u.s.-led coalition toppled saddam hussein.
이라크도 명단에 포함됐었지만 미국이 주도하는 연합군이 사담 후세인 정권을 전복시킨 뒤에 명단에서 제외됐습니다.

iraq terror group.
미군 대변인인 윌리엄 캘드웰 소장은 연합군이 자르카위의 이라크 내 테러조직을 와해시키기 위해 이같은 공격을 단행했다고 발표했습니다.

thailand is the best example of urban primacy in the world.
태국은 세계에서 도시의 중요성에 대한 가장 좋은 예다.

vietnam and indonesia also are mainly on course to meet the u.n. goals.
베트남과 인도네시아는 또한 un의 목표이다.

system development for reducing floor impact noise using polypropylene.
폴리프로필렌을 이용한 바닥충격음 저감 시스템 개발.

flower parade - country : netherlands - month : april the tulip is the national flower of the netherlands.
꽃 축제 -나라 : 네덜란드 -시기 : 4월 튤립은 네덜란드의 국화입니다.

between you and me , he is really nauseating.
우리끼리 이야긴데 , 그 녀석 정말 밥맛없어.

between 1870 and 1914 the united states changed from an agrarian economy to an industrial economy.
1870년에서 1914년 사이에 미국은 농업국에서 공업국으로 변모했다.

between 1855 and 1930 , the number of man-hours needed to produce an acre of corn was reduced from 33.6 to 6.9.
1855년부터 1930년 사이에 , 1에이커의 옥수수를 생산하는데 드는 인시의 수치는 33.6에서 6.9로 줄었다.

native americans are usually about 10 singers around the drum.
북미 인디언들 드럼 주위에는 약 10명의 가수들이 있다.

native americans songs consist of four parts : the lead , second , chorus , and ending.
북미 인디언의 노래는 리드 , 세컨드 , 코러스 그리고 엔딩 네 부분으로 구성된다.

stock prices showed a suddenly rising tendency.
주가가 급등세를 보였다.

stock prices soared when the threat of war disappeared.
전쟁의 위협이 사라지자 주가가 치솟았다.

brazilian swimmer rebeca gusmao has been provisionally suspended by the sport's world ruling body , federation internationale de natation , following a positive test for testosterone.
남성 호르몬 검사에서 양성 반응을 보임에 따라 , 브라질 수영선수 rebeca gusmao 는 세계적인 스포츠 운영 본부인 국제수영연맹(fina)에 의하여 잠정적인 활동 정지를 당했습니다.

fire safety awareness and assessment of alternate escape methods by residents in apartment building.
공동주택 거주자의 화재안전 및 대안적 피난방식에 대한 의식조사.

mountain rocks) are carried into the lake.
호수 뒤편에 거대한 빙하가 있는데 , 빙하가 녹으면서 암분 (빙하에 깎여 부스러진 암석가루)이 호수로 흘러들어와요.

thousands of students attended the marchs that were also held in uganda and kenya and other african countries.
수천명의 학생들이 우간다와 케냐등 아프리카 국가들에서도 벌어지는 행진에 참석했습니다.

thousands of workers , like my brother who is docile , have lost their jobs as businesses cut back on staff.
내 동생과 같이 온순한 수천명의 직원들은 회사들이 감원함에 따라서 일자리를 잃었다.

thousands of acres of cropland were damaged.
수천 에이커의 농경지가 피해를 입었다.

thousands of victorian workers joined educational associations in an attempt to better themselves.
수천 명의 빅토리아 시대 노동자들이 더 잘 살아 보려고 교육기관들에 입학을 했다.

thousands of nameless and faceless workers.
이름도 모르고 얼굴도 모르는 수천 명의 근로자들.

thousands on the battlefront were waiting to be saved from permanent disability or death.
전장의 수천 명이 영구적 장애나 죽음으로부터 목숨을 건지기를 기다리고 있었다.

thousands suffered death or mutilation in the bomb blast.
그 폭발 사고로 수천 명이 목숨을 잃거나 불구가 되었다.

covered.
유개의.

covered.
덮개가 있는.

covered.
뚜껑 달린.

pink is a combination of red and white.
핑크색은 빨간색과 흰색이 결합된 것이다.

scientists are developing an automotive fuel derived from sunflower oil that they believe may soon replace petroleum-based fuels.
과학자들은 해바라기 기름으로 만든 자동차 연료를 개발중에 있는데 , 그들은 이 연료가 머지 않아 석유계 연료를 대체할 것이라고 믿고 있다.

scientists are reporting a dramatic loss of honeybee colonies.
과학자들은 꿀벌 집단의 극적인 상실을 보고하고 있다.

scientists have not yet reached the stage where they can start treating patients of degenerative disorders using therapeutic cloning.
그러나 과학자들이 치료 목적의 복제를 통해 퇴행성 질환을 앓고 있는 환자들을 치료할 수 있는 단계까지 이른 것은 아니다.

scientists have been trying to solve this problem , and their best hope at finding the answer is the large hadron collider (lhc) that is part of the european organization for nuclear research's particle physics laboratory outside of geneva , switzerland.
과학자들은 이 문제를 해결하려고 노력하고 있고 , 그들의 대답을 찾는 것에 있어서 최고의 희망은 스위스 제네바 인근에 위치한 핵 조사자의 소립자 물리 학에 대한 유럽조직의 일부인 거대강입자가속기 입니다.

scientists have discovered some clues that suggest the key to longevity may be in a few genes on a single chromosome.
과학자들은 장수의 비결이 한 염색체에 있는 몇몇 유전자들에 있을거라는 근거를 발견했습니다.

scientists have rushed to quell the myth.
과학자들은 신화를 진압하려고 서둘렀다.

scientists say gas emissions will lead to an increase in global temperatures , up 6 degrees centigrade , or 10.8 degrees fahrenheit.
과학자들은 온실가스 방출로 인해 지구의 온도가 섭씨 6도(화씨 10.8도) 상승할 것이라고 말합니다.

scientists believe it is made of a volcanic rock called basalt.
과학자들은 그것이 화성암의 일종인 현무암으로 만들어져 있다고 믿고 있다.

scientists believe that the illness is caused by a virus.
과학자들은 그 병이 바이러스에 의한 것이라고 추측하고 있다.

quality.
품질.

quality.
질.

quality , natural-looking wigs and hairpieces are available.
자연스럽게 보이는 양질의 가발과 부분가발이 이용가능합니다.

proposal for a set of registered application provider identifiers (rids).
등록된 응용서비스 공급자의 id 설정.

form and function of civic space in urban korea.
한국에서 시민공간의 형태와 기능.

special software called patches can be used to fix more severe bugs.
패치라고 불리는 특별한 소프트웨어는 더 심각한 버그를 고치는 데 사용될 수 있다.

research on the plan exchange of the vernacular dwelling in yong-dong mountain region.
영동 산간지역 민가의 평면 변화에 관한 고찰 - 삼척시 미로면 고천리 마을을 대상으로 -.

research on performance measurement of construction projects using balanced scorecard (bsc).
균형성과표를 이용한 건설사업 성과측정 구축방향에 관한 연구.

research on thermal environment in apartments' living rooms and residents' control behaviors of a thermostat.
공동주택 거실 온열 환경의 측정 및 거주자의 온도조절행위에 관한 연구.

research shows that eating less than 2 , 300 milligrams of sodium (about 1 tsp of salt) per day may reduce the risk of high blood pressure.
연구에서 하루에 2 , 300밀리그램 이하의 나트륨(소금 약 1테이블 스푼)을 먹는 것은 고혈압의 위험을 낮출 수 있다는 것이 밝혀졌습니다.

research trend in the solid-sorption heat pump system.
고체-수착 열펌프시스템에 관한 개발동향.

team leader the substance appears to have intelligent multiphasic properties ; able to shift states at will.
다상 흐름은 2상 흐름에 이용되는 모델을 일반화한 것이다.

local hospitals were destroyed in the quake and others are filled with injured.
지진으로 지역 병원들이 붕괴되었고 다른 병원들은 사상자로 가득차 있습니다.

local favorite bebop deluxe will be playing friday and saturday at the riverside lounge on main street.
우리 지역의 인기 그룹인 비밥 디럭스가 금요일과 토요일 양일간 메인 스트리트에 있는 리버사이드 라운지에서 공연을 갖습니다.

local elections are held in the major cities across england , including all 32 boroughs in london.
지방선거가 런던의 32개 자치 도시를 포함하여 영국 전역의 주요 도시에서 치뤄집니다.

local monks deliver a traditional blessing as the giant u.s. chain hyatt opens its first five-star hotel in vietnam.
미국의 거대 호텔 체인 하얏트 사가 베트남 최초의 별 5개짜리 호텔을 개장하는 자리에서 현지 승려들이 전통적인 방식으로 축복해주고 있습니다.

local residents told western news media (the associated press and " new york times " ) masked gunmen drew the soldiers after the attack.
당시 공격으로 미군 한 명은 사망했습니다. 현지 주민들은 서방 언론들에게 복면을 한 무장괴한들이 공격후 병사들을 끌고 갔다고 말했습니.

issues on articles covering outstanding management of apartment complexes.
우수 아파트단지 취재기사에서의 관리상의 논점.

marriage is not a business , so why should we care about terms ?.
결혼은 사업이 아닌데 왜 조건을 따지겠어요 ?.

marriage is not a decision made upon a momentary impulse.
결혼은 일시적인 충동으로 결정할 문제가 아니다.

fifteen of the suspects were charged with soliciting sex from an undercover female cop.
용의자 중 15명이 잠복근무 중이던 한 여성경찰에게 성매매를 제의한 혐의로 기소되었다.

nine out of ten times when i call her she does not respond.
제가 그 여자를 열 번 부르면 아홉 번은 대꾸도 안 해요.

members are already out preparing for the dreaded day.
회원들은 이미 끔찍한 하루에서 벗어 날 준비가 되었다.

members have commented on the parlous state of the ta.
회원들은 ta의 위태로운 상황에 대해 언급해왔다.

members of the hardline guardian council rejected more than 1 , 000 candidates who had registered to run in the june 17 election.
강경 노선의 수호 위원회 위원들은 오는 6월 17일 대통령 선거에 출마하기 위해 등록한 천 여명 후보자들의 등록을 거부했습니다.

members agree that blocked paths that are impossible to traverse are against everyone's interests.
멤버들은 횡단 불가능하게 차단된 경로들이 모든 사람들의 이익에 불리하다는 것에 동의한다.

members seemed to be slightly obsessive in relation to europe.
구성원들은 유럽과의 관계에서 약간은 강박적이었다.

members unable to attend the annual membership meeting at the conference will be conference allowed to participate via absentee balloting.
연례 회원 모임에 참석하지 못하는 회원분께는 부재자 투표를 통하여 투표권 행사가 허용될 것입니다.

thirty percent of the ballots have been tallied.
개표가 30% 진행되었다.

fifty representatives will attend , 20 of whom will be bringing a spouse.
참석 인원은 대의원 50명으로 그 중 20명은 부부 동반할 예정입니다.

against the malady doctors took the mixture just as before.
그 질병에 대해서 의사들은 이전과 같은 처방을 내렸다.

motion pictures present such spectacular scenes as storms.
활동 영화는 폭풍우 같은 볼만한 구경거리들을 제공하고 있다.

twenty seconds later you have a neatly-ironed shirt or a pair of pants with the perfect crease.
20초 후면 깔끔하게 다려진 셔츠나 완벽한 주름이 잡혀진 바지 한벌이 나옵니다.

raising turtle is a difficult job.
거북을 기르는 것은 어려운 일이다.

hold the camera steady and keep it focused.
흔들리지 않게 카메라를 잡으시고 초점을 맞춘 채로 계세요.

hold your tongue ! or shut up ! or shut your mouth ! or button your lip !.
입 다물어 !.

leaders of the u.n. security council promise an overhaul of peacekeeping operations so that troops can respond more quickly and effectively to conflict.
유엔 안보리 소속 국가 지도자들은 유엔 평화유지군의 활동에 대한 철저한 분석을 통해 분쟁 발생시 좀더 신속하고 , 효과적으로 대응할 것을 다짐했습니다.

ayatollah ali khamenei says iran is willing to talk over international supervision of its program if other countries accept iran's right to a nuclear program.
하메네이는 다른 나라들이 이란의 핵개발계획 권리를 인정한다면 이란은 자체 핵개발 계획에 대한 국제적 감시 문제를 기꺼이 논의할 용의로 있다고 말했 습니다.

mr. al-maliki met with grand ayatollah ali al-sistani in najaf thursday.
알 말라키 씨는 목요일 나자프에서 그랜드 아야톨라 알리 알 시스타니 만났습니다.

mr. bush said , the united states is using a similar strategy in confronting terrorism.
부쉬 대통령은 오늘날 미국은 테러와의 전쟁에서 그와 유사한 전략을 이용하고 있다고 말했습니다.

mr. bush said the talk was planned before the killing this week of terrorist leader abu musab al-zarqawi.
부쉬 대통령은 회의는 이라크 내 알카에다 테러조직의 지도자인 아부 무사브 알-자르카위가 살해되기 전에 계획된 것이라고 부쉬 대통령은 말했습니다.

mr. bush has said there may be a way to have parliament legalize his plan for using military commissions to prosecute enemy combatants.
부쉬 대통령은 국회가 적 전투원들을 기소하는데 군사 위원회를 이용할 자신의 계획을 합법화시킬 방안이 있을 수도 있다고 말해왔습니다.

mr. kim was chosen to represent the company at the conference.
김 선생님은 그 회의에서 회사를 대표하도록 선출되었다.

mr. s has gained his musical reputation by popular songs.
최근 s씨는 가요곡으로 이름을 들날리고 있다.

mr. smith is a peer of the realm.
스미스씨는 영국 상원에 의석을 가진 귀족이다.

mr. smith sat in the catbird seat.
스미스씨는 유리한 입장이었다.

mr. smith runs a laundry shop in a small town.
스미스씨는 작은 도시에서 세탁소를 운영하고 있다.

mr. kim's election was declared invalid.
김 씨의 당선은 무효가 되었다.

mr. kevin , who grew up in moscow and holds 22 russian patents , is an adjunct professor of engineering at the university of new haven.
뉴 헤이븐 공과대학 객원교수인 케빈 씨는 모스크바에서 자랐고 러시아에서 22가지 특허를 따냈다.

mr. maiden enlisted three different companies to create the pen's lamp , circuitry and plastic case.
매이든 씨는 펜의 램프 , 전기회로 그리고 플라스틱 케이스의 제작을 각기 다른 3개의 회사에게 의뢰해 만들게 했다.

mr. lee , why are you whitewashing young's fault ?.
이 부장님 , 왜 영의 실수를 덮어 주시는 거죠 ?.

mr. blair is one bush supporter who deserves all the election rewards he can get , and this is the one he's desperate for.
블레어 총리는 부시의 지지자로서 재선에 대한 모든 보상을 받을 만한 자격이 있으며 , 이는 블레어 총리 자신도 간절히 바라고 있는 것이다.

mr. putin plans to meet with israeli prime minister ariel sharon and other israeli leaders later on thursday.
푸틴 대통령은 오는 목요일 오후에 아리엘 샤론 총리를 비롯한 이스라엘의 여러 지도자들을 만날 예정입니다.

mr. rooker : i have visited three cattle abattoirs and a sheep abattoir.
루커 씨 : 전 소 도살장 세 곳과 양 도살장 세 곳을 방문한 적이 있습니다.

mr. schmidt's nephew is the sole beneficiary of the insurance policy.
슈미트 씨의 조카는 보험의 유일한 수혜자이다.

mr. gill started another company , sun pet toys , which made products that were sold at wal-mart , walgreens and pet stores.
길 씨는 썬 팻 토이즈라는 또 다른 회사를 창립했는데 , 이 회사에서는 월마트나 월그린즈 혹은 애완동물용품점에서 파는 애완동물용 장난감 류를 제조했다.

mr. broder had served four years in the marine corps before he joined the high command.
브로더 씨는 최고 사령부로 발령 받기 전에 4년 동안 해병대에서 복무했다.

mr. devicente says that improves their concentration in class.
드비센트 교장은 그것이 교실에서 남자 아이들의 집중력을 향상시킨다고 말합니다.

mr. berlusconi challenged the results , claiming widespread irregularities.
베를루스코니는 결과에 이의를 제기했고 만연한 불법을 비난했습니다.

mr. prodi's center-left coalition won the elections by a razor-thin margin.
프로디의 중도좌파 연합은 아주 미미한 차이로 선거에 이겼습니다.

mr. lagos says that his government may also investigate.
라고스 대통령 또한 칠레 정부 측에서도 조사할 것이라고 말했습니다.

mr. nixon is out right now.
닉슨 씨는 지금 자리에 없습니다.

mr. ingram : we are not seeking a derogation.
ingram씨 : 우리는 법의 수정을 찾는 것이 아닙니다.

mr. simms , a customer is on the phone. she has a complaint about the service she received in the housewares department.
심즈씨 , 고객의 전화입니다. 그녀는 가정용품부에서 받은 서비스에 불만이 있습니다.

technology and the demand for unskilled labor after the economic crisis.
경제위기 이후 기술 변화가 미숙련 근로자의 고용상황에 미친 영향.

technology also plays a role in how furniture is designed.
최신 기술 또한 가구 디자인에 중요한 역할을 합니다.

during a long lunch at the chateau marmont september 27 , bosworth was overheard denying plans to marry bloom in the near future.
지난 9월 27일 케이트는 샤토 마르몽 호텔에서 오랜 시간 점심식사를 하면서 함께 한 사람들에게 가까운 시일 안에는 블룸과 결혼할 계획이 없다는 얘기를 건넨 것 같다.

during the two day meeting , members of the pan-african body are expected to talk over the crises in sudan's darfur region and somalia.
이틀 동안 계속되는 이번 아프리카 연합 정상회의에서는 수단 다르푸르 지역과 소말리아의 위기 주로 논의될 것으로 예상되고 있습니다.

during the orange farmers' melee with police , oranges thrown on the street was quashed by hundreds of feet.
오렌지 농장 농부들과 경찰들이 맞붙어 싸우면서 길거리에 내던져져 짓이겨진 오렌지가 수백 피트에 이르렀다.

during the interview , l.u.v. talked about their fresh start in the music industry and delighted the teen reporters with their witty jokes.
인터뷰동안 l.u.v.는 그들의 음반 산업계의 새로운 출발에 대해 이야기 하며 재치 있는 농담으로 틴 리포터들을 즐겁게 해주었다.

during the 1975 to 1979 khmer rouge regime , millions of cambodians were compelled to work in the countryside , known as the killing fields.
크메르 루즈정권은 지난 1975년부터 1979년까지 수백만명의 캄보디아인들을 이른바 로 알려진 지방으로 보내 강제노역에 동원했습니다.

during the filming he has a nervous breakdown and later a heart attack.
영화를 찍는 동안 그는 신경쇠약에 걸리고 후에 심장마비를 갖게 된다.

during the short-track race , he was disqualified for obstructing the path of another skater.
그는 쇼트트랙 경기에서 진로 방해로 실격 처리를 당했다.

during the ten-week program , they come here each tuesday to get expert advice on shedding pounds and to gain inspiration.
10주간의 프로그램이 진행되는 동안 대회 참가자들은 매주 화요일마다 이곳에 와서 체중 감량에 관한 전문가의 조언을 듣고 살을 뺄 수 있다 는 용기를 얻게 된다.

during this process , partial melting of the minerals occurs and re-crystallization results in the formation of a new rock.
이 과정 동안 , 광물들의 불완전한 용해와 재결정화는 새 암석의 형성으로 끝이 납니다.

during this period there was social unrest.
이 기간에 사회적인 동요가 있었다.

during their time as a couple , madden co-produced 3 tracks on hilary's greatest hits album , as well as provided inspiration for her upcoming music career.
이들이 사귀는 동안 , 매든은 힐러리의 최고 히트 앨범에 있는 3개 곡을 공동 제작했을 뿐 아니라 , 그녀의 앞으로의 음악 경력에 영감을 불어 넣어 주었다.

during that time i would help my coworkers in the concession stands or read.
그 시간동안 나는 매점 안에서 내 동료를 도우거나 독서를 하는 것이다.

during an earthquake , the ground is shaky.
지진 중에는 땅이 흔들린다.

during world war ii germany , italy and japan comprised the axis powers.
제2차 세계 대전 동안 독일 , 이탈리아 , 일본은 주축국을 이루었다.

during world war ii germany , italy and japan comprised the axis powers.
제 2차 세계 대전 동안 독일 , 이탈리아 , 일본은 추축국을 구성했다.

during last week's communist party congress , china launched its second manned space mission.
지난 주 전국인민대표대회 기간 동안 , 중국은 두 번째 유인 우주선을 발사했습니다.

during his high fever he became delirious and said strange things.
고열에 시달려 그는 헛소리를 했다.

during his monologue the actor has to make the bed and tidy the room.
독백을 하는 동안 그 배우는 잠자리를 정돈하고 방을 치워야 한다.

during exams , students concentrate hard on answering the questions.
시험 치는 동안 학생들은 문제 푸는 데 온 정신을 집중한다.

during recess , the classroom is as noisy as a marketplace.
쉬는 시간만 되면 교실은 시장 바닥처럼 시끄럽다.

during apartheid , many black musicians did not sing in traditional african languages.
인종 격리 정책 아래에서 많은 흑인 음악가들은 전통적인 아프리카 언어로 노래를 부르지 못했다.

during seatwork , i would ask my students to complete their work and check over it before handing it in.
자습시간에 , 나는 학생들에게 과제를 완성하고 제출하기 전에 확인하라고 했다.

weapons.
미 국무장관은 성명을 통해 , 그같은 조치는 리비아가 테러리즘을 비난하고 핵 무기를 포기하기로 결정한 것은 인정한 결과라고 말했습니다.

security is being beefed up at britain's parliament after demonstrators stormed the house of commons chamber on wednesday.
수요일 시위대가 영국 하원의사당에 난입한 사건이 발생한 이후 의사당 주변의 보안이 강화되고 있습니다.

security forces managed to repel an attack on the palace.
치안부대는 관저를 덮친 공격을 가까스로 물리쳐냈다.

security - lawful interception architecture and functions.
imt2000 3gpp - 보안 ; 합법적 감청 구조 및 기능.

security templates is an mmc snap-in that provides editing capabilities for security template files.
보안 템플릿은 보안 템플릿 파일을 편집할 수 있게 하는 mmc 스냅인입니다.

top.
팽이.

top.
위.

top.
수석.

top of the tuesday technology update.
화요일 뉴스 테크놀로지 업데이트의 첫번째 소식입니다.

top with maple syrup if you have a sweet tooth.
당신이 단것을 좋아한다면 메이플 시럽을 위에 얹으세요.

top each with lettuce and tomato.
상추와 토마토를 위에 올리세요.

top retailer marks spencer has romped in with another set of sparkling results.
그들의 말은 2시에 있은 경주에서 쉽게 우승했다.

through long intensive research , dr. cade created a brew for players to drink while playing football.
장시간의 집중적인 연구를 통해 , 케이드 박사는 운동선수들이 축구를 하는 동안 마실 수 있는 음료를 만들었어요.

" i think that what's been lost sight of here is a psychological phenomenon known as hypnopompic or hypnagogic experiences , in which people do honestly hallucinate these things. ".
여기서 우리가 간과하고 있는 것은 하나의 심리적인 현상입니다. 일종의 최면 경험이라는 건데 , 이런 상태에 빠지면 사람들은 정말 이런 환영을 보게 되죠.

" a brother may not be a friend , but a friend will always be a brother.-benjamin franklin- ".
" 형제는 친구가 될 수 없을지도 모른다. 그러나 친구는 항상 형제가 될 것이다.-벤저민 프랭클린- ".

" a top photo analyst for over 34 years for the u.s. central intelligence agency , brugioni's works sometimes changed history. ".
34년 이상 미 중앙 정보국의 최고 권위 사진 분석가로 재직했던 그의 작업들은 때때로 역사를 바꿔놓기도 했습니다.

" the main finding is that the environment in which people take a test may diminish its validity ," said dr. beilock.
" 여기서 발견한 중요한 사실은 시험을 치르는 환경이 시험의 정당성을 떨어뜨릴수 있다는 것입니다. " 라고 베일록 박사는 말했다.

" the new york times " quotes officials as saying general chiarelli recommended unspecific disciplinary action for some officers.
뉴욕 타임스는 군 관리들의 말을 인용해 치아렐리 사령관이 보고서에서 이들 해병대 관리들에 대해 구체적으로 명기하지 않은 내용의 징계를 건의했다고 전했습니다.

" you are my hero , old perry. i want to be friends with you.
" 당신은 나의 영웅이에요 , 올드 페리. 당신과 친구가 되고 싶어요. ".

" think global , act local ," be relevant to the target audience that you want to motivate.
즉 , 국제적인 안목으로 바라보되 , 각 지역에 맞게 접근하여 , 공략하고자 하는 타겟 소비자층에 적합한 전략을 펼치는 겁니다.

" we do not know ," all the three animals shook their heads.
" 우린 모르겠는데. " 세 동물들 모두 고개를 저었어요.

" we were q ," said jonna mendez , a former chief of disguise for the central intelligence agency , referring to the british technical expert who came up with whiz-bang weaponry for agent 007.
" 저흰 q였습니다. " cia에서 위장술 총책임자로 있던 조나 멘데스 씨가 007 요원에게 최첨단 무기를 공급해 주던 영국인 기술 전문가에 자신.

" we were q ," said jonna mendez , a former chief of disguise for the central intelligence agency , referring to the british technical expert who came up with whiz-bang weaponry for agent 007.
들을 빗대어 한 말이다.

" it's worse than being in the dark ," says nimbus president john davis.
" 이건 단순히 캄캄한 정도가 아닙니다. " 라고 님버스의 존 데이비스 사장이 말한다.

" could you tell us why the crumbs from your cookies were found near mrs. robinson's house ?.
" 당신의 쿠키에서 떨어진 부스러기들이 왜 로빈슨 부인의 집 근처에서 발견되었는지 설명해 주시겠어요 ?.

" let food be your medicine and medicine your food ," hippocrates , the greek philosopher-doctor , is said to have taught.
" 음식이 여러분의 약이 되게 하고 , 약이 여러분의 음식이 되게 하라 ," 라고 그리스 철학자이자 의사인 히포크라텐스는 가르침을 받았다고 전해집니다.

" old perry , why did you save rio ?.
" 올드 페리 , 당신은 왜 리오를 구해줬어요 ?.

" ability first " is our motto in employing men.
당사는 실력 본위로 사람을 채용한다.

" i' m only an ignorant old lady ," was her constant refrain.
" 나는 그저 무지한 늙은이일 뿐이야 " 가 그녀가 늘 반복하는 후렴이었다.

" hey presto !" shouted the magician.
" 야앗 !" 마술사가 외쳤다.

" annie will be very surprised to see me. ".
" 애니가 나를 보면 깜짝 놀랄거야. ".

" eric pulled out his large magnifying glass and looked at the window ledge where the pie had been.
에릭은 그의 커다란 돋보기를 꺼내 , 파이가 있었던 창문 선반을 살펴 보았어요.

says.
그가 말하는 바.

says.
규칙으로 되어 있다.

says.
안부 전해달래..

says clyde prestowitz , author of the book : the rogue nation - american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions.
불량국가 : 미국의 일방주의와 선의의 실패란 책의 저자인 클라이드 프레스토비츠씨는 미국의 지도자들은 전세계에 자유를 전파하려 할 때 미국주의 , 그리 고 누구나 잠재적인 미국시민이라는 생각을 마음 속에 품고 있다고 말합니다.

international oil prices continue to skyrocket.
국제 유가의 고공 행진이 계속되고 있다.

international achievement.
미 국무부 차관보는 비영리 단체인 워먼 포 워먼 인터내셔낼이 어떻게 올해 지브란 상의 국제 부문에서 수상의 영예를 차지 할 수 있었는지 를 설명했습니다.

international trade is another problem that bulgaria is facing.
국제 무역은 불가리가 직면한 또 다른 문제이다.

international firms are still under pressure to compromise.
국제적인 기업들은 여전히 절충하라는 압력을 받고 있습니다.

international negotiators , cyrus vance and david owen , say they made important progress in talks with mr. milosevic yesterday in paris.
국제 외교 특사인 사이러스 밴스와 데이비드 오웬은 어제 파리에서 가진 밀로세비치 대통령과의 회담에서 중요한 진전이 있었다고 전했습니다.

its most notable practitioner was california vitamin company (cvc) founder carl rehnborg.
가장 주목할 만한 현역은 cvc(켈리포니아 베트남 회사)설립자 carl rehnborg였다.

its radio commercials will be handled through ggdo's new york office.
그 회사의 라디오 광고방송을ggdo 뉴욕 사무소가 처리하게 될 것이다.

its musical melting pot combines flamenco , mediterranean , gypsy , latin , jazz , swing , and french musette sounds.
이 밴드의 음악적 도가니에는 플라멩코 , 지중해 , 집시 , 라틴 , 재즈 , 스윙 , 그리고 프랑스 뮤제트 사운드가 함께 녹아 있다.

its tail whips back and forth.
그것의 꼬리는 좌우로 움직인다.

its yellow , sharply pointed leaves adorn plants that grow to almost one meter tall in the shade of the park's virgin oak trees.
이 공원의 버진 오크 나무의 그늘에 노랗고 뾰족한 잎을 가진 아름다운 식물이 근 1미터 크기로 자라고 있는 게 바로 산삼입니다.

its yellow , sharply pointed leaves adorn plants that grow to almost one meter tall in the shade of the park's virgin oak trees ; that is ginseng.
이 공원의 버진 오크 나무의 그늘에 노랗고 뾰족한 잎을 가진 아름다운 식물이 근 1미터 크기로 자라고 있는 게 바로 산삼입니다.

its treasure trove of art in the museum includes masks and spears from papua new guinea , costumes from vietnam and sculptures from mali.
이 박물관의 예술 보고로는 파푸아 뉴기니의 마스크와 창 , 베트남의 전통 예복 , 말리의 조각등이 포함됩니다.

its blades are about 45 meters long and weigh about 10 tons.
날은 45미터 길이에 10톤 무게가 나갑니다.

its vineyards are virtually contiguous with those of ausone.
그는 아들을 불러 " 내 아들들아 , 내가 죽기전에 포도농장에 엄청난 보물이 묻혀져있다는 사실을 알려주고 싶구나 " 라고 말했다.

if i do not eat something soon , i will starve to death.
곧 뭘 좀 먹지않으면 굶어죽을거야.

if i am going to disconnect the electricity , where should i call ?.
전기를 끊으려면 어디에 전화를 해야 하지요 ?.

if i want to know something about my car , i ask a mechanic.
만약 내 자동차에 대해서 알고싶으면 , 내 정비공에게 물어봐.

if i look confused , some kind soul always offers to help me.
제가 길을 헤매는 듯한 표정을 보이면 어떤 친절한 사람이 와서 늘 도와주겠다고 하죠.

if i could have my way , i'd take both.
욕심 같아서는 두 개 다 갖고 싶다.

if i had any money , i would reinvest it in land.
내게 돈이 있다면 땅에 재투자할 텐데.

if i had taken your advice , i should be happier now.
그때 너의 충고를 들었더라면 지금 나는 행복할걸.

if i did , it was wholly unwitting.
만약 내가 그랬다면 , 그건 정말 나도 모르는 일이었다.

if i ate even one doughnut a week , i'd probably gain ten pounds.
난 일주일에 한 개만 먹어도 10파운드는 찔 거라구요.

if i build a house on a sand dune , i know the risk.
나는 만일 내가 모래언덕 위에 집을 짓는다면 , 위험하다는 것을 안다.

if i remember correctly , this was won in a raffle.
내 기억이 맞는다면 이건 추첨으로 받은 것이다.

if i tried to hit a ball as hard as they do before training i d pull a hamstring.
만약 내가 트레이닝을 하기 전에 그들이 열심히 한 것만큼 공치는 것을 노력했다면 , 난 쥐가 났을 텐데.

if a family has children , children are often not well behaved.
아이들이 있는 가족 손님일 경우 , 아이들이 철없이 행동할 때가 많다.

if a body is hit , blood and body parts come off the body.
만약 몸에 맞으면 , 피가 나고 신체 부분들이 몸에서 잘려 나갑니다.

if a lawyer takes this case under advisement , i must pay him a lot of money.
만약 변호사가 이 사건을 떠맡는다면 나는 그에게 많은 돈을 지불해야 한다.

if a bird touches a ladybug , a yellow fluid will come out from its body.
만약 새가 무당 벌레를 건드리면 , 노란색의 체액이 몸에서 흘러나옵니다.

if a hypnotist suggests an unlawful or immoral act , a person in a normal state of mind would automatically reject the suggestion.
만일 최면술사들이 불법적이거나 , 부도덕한 행동을 제안한다면 , 정상적인 마음을 가진 상태의 사람들은 무의식적으로 그 제안을 거절할 것이다.

if not , these are weasel words , quite frankly.
아니라면 , 그것들은 솔직히 애매한 말이다.

if the room is dry , turn on the humidifier.
방 안이 건조하면 가습기를 트세요.

if the business is doing a thriving business , maybe i can stay here more than 10 years.
사업이 잘 되면 아마 10년 이상을 이곳에 계속 체류할것입니다.

if the sky is clear , more heat reaches the earth's surface.
하늘이 맑다면 , 보다 많은 열이 지구 표면에 도달한다.

if the players think they can win this match easily , they are in for a rude awakening.
그 선수들이 이번 시합을 쉽게 이길 수 있다고 생각한다면 예상 밖의 각성을 하게 될 것이다.

if the united nations does not have the will or the courage to disarm saddam hussein and he will not disarm , the united states will lead a coalition and disarm saddam hussein on its own.
만약 유엔이 사담 후세인을 무장 해제시키겠다는 의지와 용기가 없다면 , 그는 무장 해제하지 않을 것이며 , 미국은 연합전선을 펴서 우리 스스로 사담 후세 인을 무장 해제시킬 것입니다.

if the temperature is decreased then the rate of transpiration will decrease.
만약 온도가 내려간다면 증산 속도도 내려 갈 것이다.

if the loan comes through , we can own the house.
대출을 받게 되면 이 집 우리꺼야.

if the domain contains computers running windows nt 3.51 or later , then rpc name service lookups must be configured.
도메인에 windows nt 3.51 이상의 버전을 실행하는 컴퓨터가 있으면 rpc 이름 서비스 조회를 반드시 구성해야 합니다.

if the cancer tumour is removed before the malignant cells have moved into the blood stream (metastased) , the patient will live.
악성 종양세포가 혈관내로 전이되기전에 암이 제거된다면 , 환자는 살 것이다.

if the playing is mediocre , the violinist will be eaten.
만약 연주가 평범하면 , 그 바이올린 연주자는 잡아먹힐 것이다.

if the circles are not visible , redraw them so they are.
만약 원들이 보이지 않는다면 , 원을 다시그리십시오 그러면 보일 것입니다.

if the warming is not slowed , areas that are now productive farmland will become parched and dusty.
만약 온난화의 속도가 줄어들지 않으면 , 지금의 경작 농지는 바싹 말라서 못 쓰게 될 것이다.

if the kitchen is dirty , bacteria will breed.
만약 부엌이 더럽다면 , 세균이 번식할 것이다.

if the mixture is too soggy it will not be crispy when fried.
만약 혼합물이 너무 질척거리면 구웠을 때 바삭하지 않을 것입니다.

if the objective is capital preservation , gold has no serious rival.
목적이 원금 보장이라면 , 금은 고려 대상이 아니다.

if the downturn continues , things could still get worse.
만일 경기 하강이 계속된다면 상황은 더욱 나빠질 수도 있습니다.

if the lifeguards tell you to get out of the water , get out right away.
안전 요원이 물 밖으로 나오라고 하면 , 바로 나오세요.

if you do , you can expect to get very ill and probably vomit.
증상이 심해지고 구토를 할 수있거든요.

if you do not like it , you may lump it.
싫어도 참아야 한다.

if you do not specify any addresses for this operator multiserver jobs will not send completion notifications.
이 운영자에 대한 주소를 지정하지 않으면 다중 서버 작업이 완료 알림을 보내지 않게 됩니다.

if you do not obey him , you will hear from him.
그의 말대로 안하면 야단맞을 거야.

if you do that again , i will pick you up by the nape of the neck and throw you out the door.
만일에 또 한 번 그런 짓을 하면 목덜미를 잡아 밖으로 집어 내던질 거야.

if you are a big fan of scary roller coasters and thrilling rides that make you scream , luna park is a place you must drop by.
여러분이 무서운 롤러 코스터와 여러분을 소리지르게 해주는 짜릿한 탑승을 열광적으로 좋아한다면 루나 파크는 꼭 들러야 하는 곳이에요.

if you are after the psychological sequelae , that might be the case.
만일 당신이 정신적인 후유증을 겪고난 뒤라면 , 바로 그 경우일 수 있습니다.

if you are going to fix greg's wagon , let me in.
네가 그렉을 보복 할 것이라면 , 나도 끼어줘.

if you are brave enough , this tip will definitely astonish your valentine.
만약 여러분이 아주 용감하시다면 , 이 방법이 여러분의 연인을 완전히 깜짝 놀라게 해 줄 것입니다.

if you are planning to dine there , reservations are recommended.
거기에서 식사할 계획이라면 , 예약을 해두시라고 권하고 싶군요.

if you are young , what are the best strategies to maximize your golden years savings ?.
젊은 사람들에게 노후 자금을 최대한 불리기 위한 가장 좋은 투자 전략은 무엇인가 ?.

if you are single through the decease of your husband , i agree entirely.
만약 당신이 남편의 사망으로 인해 혼자라면 , 나는 전적으로 동의한다.

if you are interested , please consult with the trainer of your choice or see the front desk.
관심 있는 분들은 트레이너를 선택하신 후 상담 받으시거나 안내 데스크로 문의 바랍니다.

if you are lucky , skillfull , ruthless you can succeed in any society.
만약 너가 운이 좋고 , 숙련되고 , 인정사정없다면 , 너는 어떤 사회에서도 성공할수있다.

if you are dissatisfied with me in any way , please say so.
저한테 유감 있으면 말씀하세요.

if you work too hard , you will build up stress and ruin your health.
일을 지나치게 하면 스트레스가 쌓여 건강을 해친다.

if you get a chance to read the novel i lent you , you should pay close attention to the storyline , which is exceptionally complex.
내가 빌려준 소설을 읽게 되면 , 줄거리가 아주 복잡하기 때문에 자세히 봐야 할 것이다.

if you speak english in mumbai your employment chances go up a hundredfold.
당신이 뭄바이에서 영어를 사용한다면 , 취업 기회는 100배로 증가한다.

if you have a cellphone , call 112 and say you are calling from the western cape.
휴대폰을 가지고 있다면 112에 전화해서 western cape에서 전화하고 있다고 말하세요.

if you have anything to say , say it now.
할 말이 있거든 지금해라.

if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to ask.
어느 질문이라도 있으시면 주저하지 마시고 질문하시기 바랍니다.

if you have an abnormal heart murmur , treatment may not be necessary.
만약 당신이 비정상적인 심장박동을 앓는다면 , 치료가 필요하지 않을지도 모른다.

if you have got more coming in than is going out , there is bound to be a logjam somewhere.
만약 여러분이 밖으로 가지고 나가는 것보다 가지고 들어오는 게 더 많다면 , 어딘가에 꼭 쌓여있기 마련입니다.

if you have recently had this service performed , please disregard this recommendation.
최근 이 서비스를 받으셨다면 , 이 권고는 무시하십시오.

if you have trouble with thickening use more pectin.
되직하게 만드는 게 잘 되지 않는다면 펙틴을 더 넣으세요.

if you want to see mina , do it now.
미나를 만나고 싶으면 지금 만나세요.

if you want to phone long distance , dial the operator.
장거리 전화를 하고 싶으면 , 교환과 통화하세요.

if you want to change these settings , double-click the modems icon in control panel , choose this modem , and click properties.
모뎀의 설정을 바꾸려면 제어판에서 모뎀을 두 번 클릭한 다음 , 모뎀을 선택하고 속성를 누르십시오.

if you want to enjoy a delicious small snack , then ask for your crepe to be filled with chocolate , nuts , strawberries , bananas , nuts and ice cream.
여러분이 맛있는 간편한 간식을 즐기고 싶으면 초콜릿 , 견과류 , 딸기 , 바나나 그리고 아이스크림으로 크레이프를 가득 채워 달라고 부탁해보아요.

if you want to write debugging information to a file , you must enter a filename.
디버그 정보를 파일에 쓰려면 파일 이름을 입력해야 합니다.

if you want to conceive , now's the time.
당신이 임신하기를 원한다면 , 지금 적기다.

if you want it sweeter , add more conserve.
이걸 더 달게 만들고 싶다면 과일 설탕 조림을 더 첨가 해 봐.

if you want someone's attention , you do not have to shout.
누군가의 주목을 받고 싶다 해도 , 소리를 지를 필요는 없다.

if you understand this , then you know why camera-phone pictures are typically so crummy.
만일 여러분이 이것을 이해하신다면 왜 카메라폰 사진들이 일반적으로 그렇게 형편없는지 알것입니다.

if you think that we only communicate with words , think again.
만약 당신이 우리가 말로만 의사 소통을 한다고 생각한다면 , 다시 생각해 보라.

if you see or read anything disgusting , do you stop right away ?.
혐오스러운 것을 보거나 읽으면 , 여러분은 보거나 읽는 것을 즉시 멈추는가 ?.

if you can not tell anybody then an auricular confession will do you good.
아무에게도 말을 할 수 없다면 비밀고해를 하는 것이 좋다.

if you can fit into my car trunk.
차 트렁크에 네가 들어갈 수만 있다면 말이야.

if you need a change from the fastpaced life in seoul , why not plan a trip to yellowstone national park ?.
여러분의 분주한 서울 생활에 변화가 필요하다면 옐로스톤 국립공원으로 여행계획을 짜는 건 어때요 ?.

if you need any assistance exiting the park , pick up a white courtesy phone and a guide will help you.
공원을 나가시는 데 있어 도움이 필요하시다면 하얀 색의 무료 전화를 이용하시면 , 안내원이 도와 드릴 것입니다.

if you back down like this , you are losing the battle.
네가 이런 식으로 주저앉으면 싸움에 지는 거야.

if you give your baby juice , dilute it well with cooled , boiled water.
아기에게 주스를 주려면 끓여 식힌 물로 잘 희석해라.

if you stay for more than 2 nights , we offer a 20% discount.
2박 이상 하신다면 20%할인을 제공합니다.

if you keep pitching a bitch , i may ask you to leave.
너 마치 죽을 것처럼 보인다.

if you believe something , you are convinced that it is true , even if you can not prove it logically.
논리적으로 입증할 수 없다 하더라도 사실임을 확신하다.

if you really want to do it , you should bull your way.
만약 무언가를 정말로 하고 싶다면 , 용감하게 밀고 나가야 해.

if you return , it will be to great scorn.
만약 네가 돌아온다면 , 그것은 엄청난 조롱거리가 될 거야.

if you promised to keep the rules , you should observe them.
규칙을 지키기로 약속했으면 지켜야 한다.

if you continue , these settings will be assigned to the device.
계속하면 이 설정이 장치에 할당됩니다.

if you delete this paragraph , the composition will have more appeal.
이 단락을 삭제하면 , 더 호소력이 있는 글이 될 것이다.

if you betray me than i hear the last of you.
네가 나를 배신하면 너와 절연한다.

if you deselect any domains , admt may not be able to perform security translation for any migrated objects from those domains.
도메인의 선택을 취소하면 그 도메인에서 마이그레이션된 개체의 보안 설정을 변환하지 못할 수도 있습니다.

if no mail program is listed , you must install one , or choose an alternate program , using the custom option.
메일 프로그램이 목록에 없으면 메일 프로그램을 설치하거나 사용자 지정 옵션을 사용하여 다른 프로그램을 선택해야 합니다.

if this resolution is put to a vote , surely there will be no unity in the security council.
결의안이 투표에 부쳐진다면 유엔 안전보장 이사회 내에 단결은 없을 것이라고 경고했습니다.

if this contract is valid , its provisions are all binding and effective from a to izzard.
만약 이 계약이 유효하다면 , 그 계약의 규정들도 처음부터 끝까지 모두 효력이 있다 (의무적이며 유효하다).

if your mind (is) totally dominated by sadness or trauma , then that will be , i think , great hindrance about their rebuild your life.
슬픔이나 정신적 충격에 완전히 사로잡혀 있다면 , 그것은 삶을 재건하는 데 큰 장애가 될 겁니다.

if your organization already has a dns domain name registered with an internet naming authority , you can use that name.
사용자 조직에 이미 인터넷 이름 기관을 통해 등록된 dns 도메인 이름이 있으면 그 이름을 사용할 수 있습니다.

if your child has seizures , your doctor may prescribe anticonvulsant medications.
당신의 아이가 발작을 일으킨다면 , 의사는 항경련제를 처방할 것입니다.

if your poop is hard and dry , pushing it out may hurt a little.
만약 여러분의 변이 단단하고 건조하다면 , 그것을 싸는 것은 약간 아플지도 몰라요.

if so , get in touch with the person you wronged , and ask for forgiveness in all sincerity.
만약 그렇다면 , 당신이 해를 끼쳤던 사람에게 연락을 하여 매우 진실하게 용서를 요청하라.

if it is not downright true , i will accuse you of perjury.
만약 그것이 전적으로 사실이 아니라면 너를 위증죄로 고소하겠다.

if it is too soupy , add some crushed saltine crackers.
만약 그것이 지나치게 묽다면 , 크래커를 부셔서 넣으세요.

if it was always spinning , i'd probably need professional help.
항상 머리가 어지럽다면 , 아마도 치료를 받아야 하겠죠.

if people are deprived of oxygen , they either suffer brain damage or die.
산소가 공급되지 않으면 사람은 뇌에 손상을 입거나 사망한다.

if they are large , cut in halves or quarters.
만약 그것이 크다면 , 반으로 자르거나 1/4로 잘라라.

if my parents find out i am here , they will be infuriated.
내가 여기 있는 것을 알면 부모님이 노발대발하실 것이다.

if my maths is / are right , the answer is 142.
만약 내 계산이 맞다면 그 답은 142이다.

if parents heed your advice , everyone will benefit.
만일 부모들이 당신의 충고에 귀기울인다면 모두에게 이득이 될 것입니다.

if there is a cancellation for saturday or sunday , we will call you.
토요일이나 일요일에 좌석이 취소되면 전화 드리겠습니다.

if there is a hidden gem in the village of elkwood , this is it.
엘크우드 마을에 감춰진 보석이 있다면 바로 이것입니다.

if there is too much ldl , then there will be too much cholesterol in the blood stream and more probability of thickening of artery walls and health problems.
만약 저밀도 리포 단백질이 너무 많으면 , 너무 많은 콜레스테롤이 혈류에 존재하게 되고 동맥의 외벽을 두껍게 하고 건강 문제를 야기시킬 가능성이 더 많아져요.

if there are no complications , she will be able to come home within two weeks.
합병증이 없다면 그녀는 2주 내에 집에 돌아올 수 있을 것이다.

if their symptoms worsen , they should head straight for the emergency room.
만약 그들의 증상이 악화된다면 , 그들은 응급실로 직행해야 한다.

if we are unable to find a replacement by oct. 15 , we will open the job to the public.
만약 10월 15일까지 후임자를 찾지 못할 경우에는 공채를 실시할 것입니다.

if we make biweekly payments , rather than monthly payments , we will pay down the loan sooner.
대출금을 매월이 아니라 격주로 상환하면 상환 기간을 단축할 수 있어요.

if we consider the needs of everyone who comes into the hospital , we can help alleviate some of the unnecessary stresses.
우리가 병원에 오는 모든 사람들이 원하는 바를 고려한다면 불필요한 스트레스를 줄이는 데 도움이 될 수 있을 겁니다.

if we posit that wage rises cause inflation , it follows that we should try to minimize them.
임금 인상이 통화 팽창을 초래한다고 단정한다면 , 당연히 임금 상승을 최소화하도록 노력해야 한다는 얘기가 된다.

if we synthesize the economic analysts' ideas , it seems that the economy will recover in the latter half of this year.
경제 분석가들의 의견을 종합해 보면 올 하반기에 경기가 회복될 듯하다.

if it's a small delivery , i will unlock the front of the store and i will help you carry the boxes.
많지 않다면 가게 앞문을 열어 놓고 상자 나르는 것을 도와줄게요.

if an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared. (niccolo machiavelli).
누군가에게 상처를 입혀야 할 경우에는 상대방의 복수를 두려워할 필요가 없을 정도로 철저하게 밟아야 한다. (니콜로 마키아벨리 , 용서명.

if an anorexia sufferer thinks that they will be force-fed they may be less likely to seek treatment or advice.
만약 거식증을 앓고 있는 사람들이 그들이 강압적으로 음식을 섭취하게 될 것이라고 여긴다면 , 그들은 치료나 상담을 덜 받게 될지도 몰라.

if one of the genes (the building blocks) governing reproduction for the pituitary gland is abnormal , then this could cause infertility problems.
만약 뇌하수체의 재생산을 담당하는 유전자 중 하나가(기본 원칙) 비정상이면 , 이것은 불임 문제를 야기시킬 수 있습니다.

if anyone will be unable to keep their appointment this week , please make arrangements with the secretary to reschedule in the near future.
이번 주에 약속을 지킬 수 없는 분들은 비서와 상의해 빠른 시일 내에 다시 스케줄을 잡아 주시기 바랍니다.

if using dry pectin , combine pomegranate juice , lemon juice , and pectin.
만약 건조펙틴을 사용한다면 석류주스와 레몬주스 , 그리고 펙틴을 섞어주세요.

if real buildings do not measure up to virtual experiences , clients could wind up disappointed.
실제 건물이 가상체험을 했을 때와 같지 않을 경우 고객들은 실망하고 말 것이다.

if necessary , russia's rocket-manufacturing complex can create the means in space to repulse asteroids threatening earth , remishevsky said.
" 필요하면 러시아의 로켓 제조 센터가 지구를 위협하는 소행성을 격퇴할 수단을 우주에 만들어 낼 수 있어요 ," 라고 레미세브스키는 말했어 요.

if astronomy is still interesting after becoming a proficient binocular observer , then it is time to buy a first telescope.
능숙한 쌍안경 관찰자가 된 이후에도 여전히 천문학이 흥미롭다면 이젠 첫 번째 망원경을 살 때이다.

if desired flavor and aroma have been reached , strain to remove old herbs through a cheesecloth and funnel.
만약 훌륭한 향이 나면 , 무명이나 깔때기를 통해 예전 허브를 제거하세요.

if biotech rice has found its way into the food system here , china has become the first place in the world where a major crop , in this instance rice , is being directly consumed by humans - and without regulatory approval.
만약 유전자 변형 쌀이 이곳의 식품 유통망에 유입되었다면 중국은 주요 농작물 , 즉 쌀이 감독 기관의 승인 없이 소비되고 있는 세계 최초의 국가인 셈이다.

if domain-level policy settings are defined , they override local policy settings.
도메인 수준의 정책 설정이 정의되면 로컬 정책 설정보다 우선합니다.

iran's top nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , says these proposals have problems and ambiguous points containing some positive points.
라리자니 수석 대표는 이들 협상안에는 일부 긍정적인 점들이 들어 있지만 동시에 애매모호한 문제들도 포함돼 있다고 말했습니다.

iran's top nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , told reporters in cairo that the the negotiations text has problems.
이란의 알리 라리자니 핵 수석 협상 대표는 카이로에서 기자들에게 국제적인 일괄 협상안에는 문제들이 있다고 지적했습니다.

iran's constitutional overseers have disqualified nearly all pro-reform candidates in next month's presidential election.
이란의 헌법 감독 기관인 혁명 수호 위원회 위원들은 다음 달에 실시될 대통령 선거에 출마할 개혁파 후보자 거의 대부분의 입후보 자격을 박탈했습니다.

iran's chief nuclear negotiator ali larijani put off the meeting at the last minute.
알리 라리자니 이란 핵 협상 대표는 회담 바로 직전에 이를 연기시켰습니다.

iran's interior ministry says conservative teheran mayor mahmoud ahmadinejad has won iran's presidential election.
이란 내무부는 보수 성향의 마흐무드 아흐마디네자드 테헤란 시장이 이란 대통령에 당선되었다고 발표했습니다.

constitutional directions of decision support process for cooperative design in architectural design phase.
건축설계 단계별 협력설계 의사결정 지원 프로세스 구축 방안.

parliament consists of two houses , namely , the house of lords and the house of commons.
(영국) 의회는 둘로 구성되어 있으니 , 즉 상원과 하원이다.

religious.
종교적.

religious laws were abolished , and a secular system of jurisprudence introduced.
종교적인 법이 폐지되고 , 세속적인 법률시스템이 소개되었다.

religious pilgrims visit nepal each year.
종교 순례자들은 매년 네팔을 방문한다.

political analysts agree there is lots of time before next year's presidential vote for a possible change in popular sentiment.
정치 분석가들은 내년 대통령 선거 전까지 현 정치권에 대한 지지 구도에 변화를 줄 수 있는 충분한 시간들이 남아있다는 의견에 동의하고 있습니다.

political analysts assume it is the north's gesture of conciliation.
정치적 분석가들은 이것이 화해의 표현이라고 추측하고 있다.

political parties are important in a democracy.
정당들은 민주 국가에서 중요하다.

political progressivism.
정치적 진보주의.

chiefs came together to discuss peace among their tribes.
부족들간의 평화를 논의하기 위해 부족장(추장)들이 만났다.

others fancy a nightcap before turning in.
다른 사람들은 잠자리에 들기 전에 한잔하고 싶어 한다.

efforts to expand the outreach to black voters.
흑인 유권자들에 대한 지원을 확대하려는 노력.

efforts were finally rewarded. or my efforts bore fruit finally.
마침내 애쓴 보람이 있었다.

anyone who moves away from the bullet proof glass is dead.
방탄유리를 떠나는 모든 사람은 죽습니다.

latin.
라틴.

latin.
나전.

times square is the nexus of the new york subway.
타임즈 광장은 뉴욕 지하철의 연결점이다.

must the u.s. murder its longest peacetime expansion in order to choke off inflation ?.
미국은 인플레이션을 억제하기 위해 평화 시로서는 최장의 호경기를 희생시켜야 하는가 ?.

terrestrial trunked radio (tetra) ; voice plus data (v+d) ; part 3 : interworking at the inter-system interface (isi) ; sub-part 4 : additional network feature short data service (anf-isisds)).
tetra 음성 데이터 시스템 ; part 3 : 시스템간 인터페이스 상호연동 ; sub-part 4 : 단문 데이터 서비스.

terrestrial vertebrates have developed lungs to solve this problem.
육상의 포유류 들은 이 문제를 해결하기 위해 허파를 발달시켜 왔다.

radio astronomers at the manchester meeting formally inaugurated a committee looking into the possibility of building a square kilometer array , a set of radio telescopes that would improve on today's best a hundredfold.
영국 맨체스터에서 최근 개최된 국제 우주학회 모임에서 전파망원경에 의존하는 천문학자들은 이전에 현존하는 최고 전파망원경의 성능을 100배나 개선한 일련의 초대형 전파망원경 기지 건축의 가능성을 연구하는 위원회를 발족시켰다.

radio weatherman says a heat wave's coming.
라디오의 기상통보관이 심한 파도가 온다고 합니다.

technical requirements for dmo ; type 1 repeater air interface.
dmo를 위한 기술 요구 ; 타입 1 리피터 ai.

technical state of the arts of utrasonic anemometer.
초음파 풍속계에 대한 기술적 고찰.

technical efficiency with environmentally detrimental outputs in korean farms.
농가유형별 생산기술효율 및 환경성과 비교분석.

technical realization of the short message services (sms) (r4).
imt-2000 3gpp-단대단 sms 기술.

technical realization of the short message services (sms) (r5).
imt-2000 3gpp-단대단 sms 기술.

technical realization of cell broadcast service.
imt-2000 3gpp - 셀 브로드캐스트 서비스(cbs)의 기술적 구현.

technical realization of cell broadcast service (cbs) (r99).
imt-2000 3gpp-cbs 서비스 기술.

technical realisation of facsimile group 3 service - non-transparent.
imt-2000 3gpp - 팩시밀리 그룹 3 기술적 실현.

direct control of displacement using displacement and resistance force contribution factor.
변위 및 내력기여도계수를 이용한 정량적 변위 제어.

part of people in the academy went to grass while a dictator ruled.
독재자가 군림하는 동안 학계의 일부는 은거하였다.

part of our ad campaign is leaving free samples.
우리 광고캠페인 중 일부분은 무료샘플을 놓아두는 것입니다.

air flow measurements of a compartment with 3d-ptv.
3d-ptv에 의한 실내 기류 가시화.

air - conditioner cycle simulation using tube - by - tube method.
관순법을 이용한 공조기 사이클 시뮬레이션.

air pollution is a menace to health.
대기 오염은 건강에 위험하다.

air pollution , emissions , causes disintegration of the earth's atmosphere.
대기 오염과 매연은 지구 대기층의 붕괴를 꾀한다.

interface , a similar configuration is required on the remote router.
필요 시 전화 접속 연결 구성을 완료했습니다. 이 인터페이스를 사용하여 다른 라우터로 연결하려면 , 원격 라우터에도 비슷한 구성이 있어야.

quantitative sudomotor axon reflex test in human by short-term acclimation.
단기서열순화 후 아세틸코린 투여 시 정량적 축색 발한운동 검사반응.

quantitative lateral drift control of rc tall frameworks using dynamic displacement sensitivity analysis.
동적 변위민감도 해석을 이용한 고층 rc 골조구조물의 정량적인 횡변위 제어 방안.

quantitative changes eventually brought about qualitative changes.
양적 변화가 결과적으로 질적 변화를 초래했다.

his.
그의.

his.
그.

his.
그 사람네.

his round hands caress her smooth skin.
그의 손바닥은 그녀의 부드러운 피부를 애무했다.

his cold and ghastly story leaves us feeling as if we were wandering purblind in some deep labyrinth of darkness.
그의 냉랭하고 무시무시한 이야기를 듣고 우리는 마치 어둠의 깊은 미로 속에서 눈을 가린 채 헤메고 있는 것 같은 느낌이 들었다.

his work chained him to his desk.
그는 일 때문에 책상에 매여 있었다.

his work belongs to a different sphere from mine.
그의 일은 나하고는 차원이 다르다.

his work rarely rises above the mediocre.
그의 작품은 범작을 넘는 경우가 드물다.

his parents were samuel and mary booth.
그의 부모님은 사무엘과 메리 부스였다.

his other hand taps his wristwatch.
그의 다른 쪽 손이 그의 손목시계를 두드리고 있었다.

his car is totaled , but he's ok.
그의 차는 완전히 다 망가졌지만 , 그는 괜찮아.

his talking held her spellbound.
그의 말은 그녀를 매료시켰다.

his book is on the bestseller list.
그의 책은 베스트셀러 목록에 올라 있다.

his book was marred by his many digressive remarks.
주제를 벗어난 말이 많아서 그의 저서는 실패했다.

his book review always gives me delight because his writing is very concise.
그의 서평은 문체가 간결하기 때문에 언제나 읽으면 즐거워요.

his friends called him bart and the name has stuck.
그의 친구들이 그를 바트라고 불렀고 그래서 그것이 받아들여졌다.

his house is on high ground , so he does not have to worry about flooding during the monsoon season.
그의 집은 지대가 높아서 장마철에 침수될 걱정은 없다.

his house has a southern aspect.
그의 집은 남향이다.

his animals often work in conjunction with computer-generated animals.
보울든 씨가 만든 동물들은 종종 컴퓨터로 합성해서 만든 동물들과 함께 연기를 합니다.

his brave actions will become history.
그의 용감한 행동은 역사에 남을 것이다.

his brave deed served as a pattern for others.
그의 용감한 행위는 타의 모범이 되었다.

his plan died on the vine.
그의 계획은 좌절되었다.

his good ting is to take the sweet with the sour.
그의 장점은 인생을 낙천적으로 받아들이는 것이다.

his long struggle with illness has left him weary in both body and mind.
그는 오랜 투병 생활로 심신이 지쳐 있다.

his long fingers splayed across her back.
그의 기다란 손가락이 그녀의 등 뒤로 쫙 펴졌다.

his life at work is made difficult by his own unsociable personality.
그는 사교적이지 못한 성격 때문에 직장생활에 어려움이 많다.

his life had almost completed its span.
그의 수명은 거의 다 되었었다.

his life and , consequently , my life are not typical.
결과적으로 그의 삶과 나의 삶은 특별했다.

his business was embarrassed for a time by lack of funds.
그의 사업은 자금 부족으로 일시 정돈되었다.

his last record album was called moody blue.
그의 마지막 앨범은 " 무디 블루 " 였습니다.

his bank account is deep in the red.
그는 은행에 빚이 많다.

his hands were manacled behind his back.
병사들은 그의 손목에 수갑을 채웠다.

his radical ideas are incongruous with his family's conservative traditions.
그의 급진적인 사상은 가문의 보수적 전통과 어울리지 않는다.

his efforts are commendable , but i am not sure if it will work.
그의 노력은 가상하지만 잘될지 모르겠다.

his analysis of the situation is too superficial.
그의 상황 분석은 너무 피상적이다.

his movies exude asian mystique.
그의 영화에서는 동양적 신비감이 묻어난다.

his first victim was a man that he clubbed to death.
첫번째 희생자는 그에게 맞아서 죽었다.

his pitching was perfect at the game today.
그는 오늘 경기에서 완벽한 투구를 선보였다.

his death has left a vacuum in turkish politics and the prospect of a bruising succession battle.
그의 죽음으로 인해 터키 정치에 공백이 생기고 치열한 후계 싸움이 벌어질 전망이다.

his boss was physicist and nobel laureate walter gilbert , practically a deity in the world of dna sequencing.
그의 주임은 실질적으로 dna배열 분야에서의 최고권위자였으며 물리학자이자 노벨상 수상사인 월터 길버트였다.

his position was betwixt and between.
그의 입장은 이도 저도 아니었다.

his company moved ahead of its rivals in first quarter earnings.
그의 회사가 1사분기 수익에서 경쟁사들을 앞섰다.

his father and uncle were career criminals.
그의 아빠와 삼촌은 전과자였다.

his father was a lawyer and a renown portrait painter.
그의 아버지는 변호사이면서 유명한 초상화가였다.

his father died three months before newton was born leaving him fatherless.
뉴턴이 태어나기 3개월 전 , 그의 아버지는 뉴턴을 남겨둔 채 죽고 말았다.

his father hided the boy for misbehaving.
그의 아버지는 아들이 나쁜짓을 해서 때려주었다.

his trip through asia made an interesting narrative.
그의 아시아 여행이 재미있는 이야기를 만들어냈다.

his voice was filled with ambition and enthusiasm.
그의 목소리는 패기에 차 있었다.

his voice becomes unstable on the high notes.
그는 높은 음에서 음정이 다소 불안하다.

his voice teetered on the edge of hysteria.
그녀는 굽 높은 구두를 신고 불안정하게 그의 뒤를 따라갔다.

his manner , if patronizing , was not unkind.
그의 태도는 생색내는 식이었으나 불친절하지는 않았다.

his shirt is sticky with sweat.
그의 셔츠가 땀으로 끈끈하다.

his real name was sam wilson.
그의 진짜 이름은 샘 윌슨이었다.

his manners proclaim him (to be) a gentleman.
그의 매너를 보면 그가 신사임을 알 수 있다.

his speech is certainly worth hearing.
그의 연설은 정말 들음직하다.

his speech is anecdotal evidence.
그의 말은 입증되지 않은 증거이다.

his speech about his experience rang a bell.
그의 경험에 대한 연설은 공감을 불러일으켰다.

his speech was cogent , succinct and pithy.
그의 연설은 설득력 있었고 , 간결했으며 , 핵심을 찔렀다.

his uncle , scar is jealous of simba and tries to trick and kill him.
그의 삼촌인 스카는 , 심바를 질투하여 그를 속이고 죽이려고 한다.

his grandfather was a serf until he bought his and his family's freedom in 1841.
그의 할아버지는 1841년 그와 그의 가족의 자유를 사기 전까지는 농노이셨다.

his food was restricted to bread and water.
그의 식사는 빵과 물만으로 제한되었다.

his skin felt cold and clammy.
그의 피부는 차갑고 축축했다.

his clothes were still dripping wet.
그의 옷에서는 아직도 물이 뚝뚝 들었다.

his eyes were full of hostility.
그의 눈빛은 적개심으로 가득 차 있었다.

his eyes coolly appraised the young woman before him.
그의 두 눈이 자기 앞에 있는 젊은 여자를 냉정히 뜯어보았다.

his left hand pulled the clutch lever in.
그는 왼손으로 클러치 레버를 당겼다.

his latest mission is to bring awareness and support.
그의 최근의 임무는 자각심을 기르고 지지하는 것이다.

his latest musical bombed and lost thousands of dollars.
그의 최근 뮤지컬이 크게 실패해서 수천 달러를 까먹었다.

his image is still vivid in my mind.
그의 모습이 아직 눈에 선하다.

his financial affairs are in a tangle.
그의 재정 문제는 엉망으로 꼬여 있다.

his career has diverged dramatically from what his parents had hoped for him.
그의 직업은 부모가 그에게 바라던 것에서 완전히 벗어났다.

his rude manner stank in people's nostril.
그의 무례한 태도는 다른 사람의 혐오감을 샀다.

his mother is just recovering from a nervous breakdown after she was fired from her job and replaced by someone much younger.
그의 어머니는 직장에서 해고당하고 더 젊은 여성에게 그녀의 자리를 내준 것에 걸린 신경쇠약에서 막 회복되고 있는 중이었다.

his mother insisted marc is no bookworm.
책 빼면 시체니까.

his mother apparently had some psychic ability.
그의 어머니는 명백하게 몇몇 초자연적인 능력을 가졌었다.

his face was a queer pink colour.
그의 얼굴은 기묘한 분홍색이었다.

his face became distorted day after day.
그의 얼굴은 날로 일그러져만 갔다.

his face changes as the music from his violin changes.
그의 얼굴표정은 그가 연주하는 바이올린 변화의 음악처럼 변합니다.

his face gets red as a lobster when he drinks alcohol.
그는 술을 마시면 얼굴이 새빨개진다.

his face bore the marks of hardship.
그의 얼굴에는 고생한 흔적이 엿보였다.

his face brightened (up) at the news.
그 소식을 듣고 그의 표정이 밝아졌다.

his words are devoid of emotion , but the story he tells is not.
그의 말들은 감정이 없다 , 하지만 그가 말하는 이야기에는 감정이 있다.

his words were so blasphemous.
그의 말은 참 불경스러웠다.

his words were relayed into the beehive by loudspeaker.
그의 말은 확성기를 통해서 사람들로 붐비는 광장 속으로 중계됐다.

his words remained in my mind as a bruise.
그의 말이 내 마음속에 상처로 남았다.

his words threw cold blanket on our enthusiasm.
그의 말로 일동은 완전히 흥이 깨져 버렸다.

his film was a box office hit. or his film made quite a splash.
그의 영화는 대단한 인기를 끌었다.

his wife goes bowling with her girlfriends once a week.
그의 아내는 일주일에 한번씩 여자 친구들과 볼링치러 간다.

his aide became his designee.
보좌관이 그의 지명자가 되었다.

his class is dull as dishwater.
그의 강의는 아주 지루하다.

his country was in a state of anarchy when he was born.
그는 난세에 태어났다.

his son turned to be a bit of a wastrel who drank and diced away his fortune.
그의 아들은 술 마시고 노름으로 가산을 탕진한 건달 같은 사람이 되었다.

his sister was kidnapped by aliens when he was twelve.
그가 열 두 살 때 그의 여동생은 외계인들에 의해 납치되었다.

his suit pants are torn from the crotch to the knee.
그의 정장바지는 가랑이에서 무릎까지 찢어져 있다.

his administration was a great success.
그의 치적은 훌륭했다.

his public persona is quite different from the family man described in the book.
그의 공적인 모습은 그 책 속에 묘사된 가정적인 남자와는 상당히 다르다.

his sudden death turned her world upside down.
그의 갑작스런 죽음은 그녀의 세계를 엉망으로 만들어 버렸다.

his sudden appearance has upheaved the executive meeting.
그의 갑작스런 출연으로 중역회의가 엉망이 되었다.

his willingness and ability to work did not drop off even in his old age.
그의 일에 대한 의욕과 능력은 노년에 이르러서도 줄어들지 않았다.

his sight has been gradually declining.
그의 시력이 점점 감퇴하고 있다.

his rebound average has decreased deadly since 1997.
그의 리바운드 평균은 1997년 이후로 급격하게 감소하고 있다.

his dreams suddenly dissolved through some terrible twist of fate.
그의 꿈은 운명의 잔인한 심술에 의해서 갑자기 깨어져버렸다.

his legal team is still reviewing it.
그의 법무팀이 아직도 조사 중이거든요.

his views were quite off the cob.
그의 관점은 꽤 시대에 뒤졌다.

his views were derided as old-fashioned.
그의 견해는 고루하다는 조소를 들었다.

his answer was rather hazy on this point.
이 점에 대한 그의 대답은 막연했다.

his decision was not announced until a day after the voting.
그의 결정은 투표 다음날까지 발표되지 않았다.

his music is a heady brew of heavy metal and punk.
그의 음악은 헤비메탈과 펑크를 강력하게 혼합해 놓은 것이다.

his expression changed from amazement to joy.
그의 표정이 경악에서 환희로 바뀌었다.

his third book , mardi and a voyage thither , a psychological and less romantic novel , did not make waves with the readers.
그의 세 번째 책인 화요일과 티틀러의 여행 , 심리학적이고 덜 로맨틱한 소설은 독자와 감정의 고조를 만들지 못했습니다.

his statement threw the court into turmoil.
그의 진술에 법정이 갑자기 술렁거렸다.

his statement loaded the dice in the suspect's favor.
그의 진술은 용의자를 유리한 입장에 놓았다.

his knowledge of law is very limited.
저 사람은 법률에 어둡다.

his presence is a torture to me , because of his wheels within wheels.
나는 그의 알 수 없는 속마음 때문에 그와 있는 것이 고통스럽다.

his presence per se put the indian sign on us.
그의 존재 자체가 우리를 압도했다.

his horse fell as it jumped the last hurdle.
그의 말이 마지막 허들을 뛰어넘다가 넘어졌다.

his girlfriend was a real uber-babe , with long blonde hair and a big smile.
그의 여자 친구는 긴 금발머리에 함박웃음을 짓는 진짜 최고로 멋진 아가씨였다.

his academic achievement has undeniable worth.
그의 학문적인 업적은 부정할 수 없는 가치를 가지고 있다.

his remarks betray a staggering contempt for the truth.
그의 발언은 진실을 완전히 무시하는 것이다.

his outstanding knowledge of the local contracting industry , as well as over twenty years' experience with heavy earth moving equipment will give a strong boost to our already wellestablished excavation team , increasing efficiency and building on the company's reputation for dependability and technical excellence.
중장비와 관련한 20년 이상의 경험뿐만 아니라 지역 토건 산업에 대한 뛰어난 지식은 신뢰성과 기술 우위에 대한 우리 회사의 명성을 드높이 고 효율성을 증가시키면서 이미 안정된 우리의 굴착 팀에게 강력한 지지가 돼 줄 것입니다.

his kindness turns his life into a dangerous nightmare.
그의 친절은 그의 삶을 위험한 악몽으로 바꾼다.

his song galvanized the audience into stomping.
그의 노래는 청중들로 하여금 발을 구르게 했다.

his attitude is very heavy-handed.
그의 태도는 매우 강압적이다.

his attitude was quite contrary to my expectations.
그가 그런 태도로 나올 줄은 전혀 몰랐다.

his attitude bespeaks an attitude toward his job.
그의 태도는 그의 직업관을 반영한다.

his friendly manner is merely a pose.
그의 친절한 태도는 단지 포즈일 뿐이다.

his secretary flew off the handle and quit.
그의 비서가 화를 내면서 회사를 나가 버렸어.

his leg was weak and tingling.
그의 다리는 힘이 없고 얼얼했다.

his leg muscles are weak from disuse.
그의 다리 근육은 사용하지 않아서 약하다.

his leg ached dully.
그는 다리가 무지근하니 아팠다.

his aggressive words and behaviors frightened sarah out of her life.
그의 공격적인 말과 행동은 사라를 깜짝 놀라게 만들었다.

his acts belie his words.
언행이 일치하지 않는다.

his fitness to become a new member of our company is unquestionable.
우리회사의 새로운 직원이 되기 위한 그의 적합함은 의심의 여지가 없다.

his fame will go down to posterity.
그의 명성은 후손 대대로 전해질 것이다.

his astute handling of this difficult situation saved her from disaster.
그가 이 어려운 상황을 기민하게 처리해서 그녀는 재난을 면했다.

his soft words contained an undertone of warning.
그의 부드러운 말 속에는 경고의 뜻이 숨어 있었다.

his glasses had been knocked askew by the blow.
그 타격에 그의 안경이 삐뚜름해져 있었다.

his dishonest behavior came under severe censure.
그의 부정직한 행동은 호된 비난을 받았다.

his chances of winning the election are almost nil.
그가 선거에서 이길 확률은 거의 전무하다.

his arms were covered in tattoos.
그의 팔은 온통 문신투성이였다.

his coat was covered with dirt.
그의 코트는 먼지로 덮여 있었다.

his fingers are very dexterous in carving figures out of wood.
그는 손으로 나무에 조각을 새기는 데에 아주 능란하다.

his opinions were in sync with those of his colleagues.
그의 의견은 동료들의 그것과 조화를 이루었다.

his owl is of the nicest breed.
그의 부엉이는 최상의 품종이에요.

his comments only served to confuse the issue further.
그의 논평은 쟁점을 더 혼란스럽게 만드는 데 일조했을 뿐이었다.

his paintings are almost photographic in detail.
그의 그림은 세부 묘사가 거의 사진 같다.

his arm was a rapid blur of movement as he struck.
그는 팔이 제대로 안 보일 정도로 빠르게 두들겼다.

his accusation against us is merely based on supposition.
우리에 대한 그의 비난은 단순한 억측에 의한 것이다.

his ignorance and blundering are truly profound.
그의 무지와 실수는 정말로 엄청나다.

his humility before the king was clear.
그는 왕이 되기 전에도 점잖았음이 분명했다.

his duty was to bring criminals to justice.
그의 직무는 죄인을 법에 따라 처벌하는 것이었다.

his skeptical agnosticism of most things is an extremely profound world view.
대부분의 것에 대한 그의 회의적인 불가지론은 극히 심오한 세계관이야.

his composition had many trivial mistakes.
그의 작문엔 사소한 잘못이 많았다.

his suits was whiter than white.
그의 양복은 새하얀 색이다.

his prophecy proved to be correct.
그의 예언은 적중했다.

his life's work is condensed into this (single) book.
그의 평생의 연구가 이 한 권의 책에 응축되어 있다.

his cycle would best be described by cross' conversion experience model.
그의 오토바이는 개조모델 크로스에 의해 최고로 묘사될것이다.

his landlady was a kind , homely woman.
그의 집주인 아주머니는 친절하고 따뜻한 분이었다.

his chest is shaggy.
그는 가슴에 털이 많다.

his interpretation of the music was rather too literal.
그 곡에 대한 그의 해설은 좀 지나치게 평이하다.

his newfound success is deeply satisfying , he says , and he is at peace with himself.
요즈음 그의 새로운 성공은 대단히 만족스러우며 , 자신도 매우 행복한 상태라고 그는 말합니다.

his fate trembles in the balance.
그의 운명은 아슬아슬한 고비에 놓여 있다.

his incredible 45-foot shot sent the game into overtime.
45피트 거리에서 던진 그의 믿을 수 없는 슛으로 게임은 연장전으로 들어갔다.

his skill approached the level of a superhuman.
그의 기술은 입신의 경지에 이르렀다.

his insult stung her into an action.
그의 모욕은 그녀를 자극하여 행동하게 했다.

his outspoken behaviour did not commend itself to his colleagues.
그의 거침없는 태도는 동료들의 호감을 받지 못했다.

his persistent cough seemed to worsen as the day progressed.
그는 시간이 지날수록 기침을 더 심하게 하는 것 같았다.

his excuses failed to satisfy the teacher.
그의 변명은 선생님을 수긍시키지 못했다.

his realistic and heartfelt documentaries won the hearts of viewers across the world and barry is here today to recount some of his best stories.
그가 전하는 생생하면서도 진심 어린 보도는 전 세계 시청자들의 가슴을 울렸습니다. 오늘 배리는 그 동안 겪었던 일중에서 가장 감동적이었던 몇 가지를.

his realistic and heartfelt documentaries won the hearts of viewers across the world and barry is here today to recount some of his best stories.
자세히 들려 줄 것입니다.

his realistic and heartfelt documentaries won the hearts of viewers across the world and barry is here today to recount some of his best stories.
그가 전하는 생생하면서도 진심 어린 보도는 전 세계 시청자들의 가슴을 울렸습니다. 오늘 배리는 그 동안 겪었던 일중에서 가장 감동적이었.

his realistic and heartfelt documentaries won the hearts of viewers across the world and barry is here today to recount some of his best stories.
던 몇 가지를 자세히 들려 줄 것입니다.

his sneaker was untied.
그의 운동화 끈이 풀렸다.

his disorderly manner of leading a meeting causes confusion.
그는 무질서하게 회의를 주재해서 혼란이 일어난다.

his trumpet used to send me.
그의 트럼펫은 늘 나를 흥분시키곤 했다.

his oscillation , as a teenager , between science and art.
과학과 예술 사이에서 계속 마음이 오락가락했던 십대 때의 그.

his clumsy fingers could not untie the knot.
그의 어설픈 손으로는 그 매듭을 풀 수가 없었다.

his mustache looks like baleen.
그의 콧수염은 고래수염처럼 생겼다.

his grandchildren were a solace in his old age.
그의 만년에는 손주들이 위안이었다.

his lascivious desires lead to disgusting behavior.
그 남자는 강한 색욕때문에 역겨운 행동을 한다.

his harmonica playing was plaintive and beautiful.
그의 하모니카 소리는 처연하면서도 아름다웠다.

his comical character continues to be a big hit on many commercials and sitcoms.
그의 코믹한 캐릭터는 계속해서 많은 광고와 시트콤에서 빛을 발하고 있다.

his mordant wit appealed to students.
그의 신랄한 기지가 학생들의 흥미를 끌었다.

his devious behavior puzzled his friends.
그의 빗나간 행동으로 친구들은 당황했다.

his italian-american mother was a gifted conversationalist who taught him the art of putting people at ease , an art he later put to use as an interviewer.
그의 이탈리아계 어머니는 그가 나중에 회견 기자로서 이용했던 기술인 사람들을 편하게 하는 기술을 그에게 가르쳐 준 타고난 이야기꾼이었습니다.

his writings reveal an unattractive preciousness of style.
그의 글은 매력 없을 정도로 스타일을 지나치게 중시함을 보여준다.

his lucid explanation dispelled all my doubts.
그의 명쾌한 설명으로 모든 의문이 풀렸다.

his histrionics do not work on those who know him.
그의 신파극은 그를 아는 사람들에게는 통하지 않는다.

his pyjamas are worn out.
그의 파자마는 낡았다.

his politeness is merely formal.
그의 정중함은 단지 형식적일 뿐이다.

plain.
검소.

repair.
수리.

broken heart syndrome is treatable , and usually requires about a week to recover.
상심증후군은 치료각 가능하고 , 보통 치료하는데 일주일의 시간이 요구된다.

parts of our ears and nose are made of cartilage.
귀와 코의 여러 부분들은 연골조직으로 되어 있다.

parts of west virginia are very hilly.
웨스트 버지니아 지역은 산지와 구릉지대이 많다.

parts of siberia have a subarctic climate.
시베리아의 일부 지방은 냉대기후에 속한다.

housing.
주택.

housing.
집.

housing.
격납.

housing prices have plummeted because of excessive supply.
공급 물량이 남아돌아서 집값이 폭락했다.

housing budget share , housing expenditure and housing affordability of u. s. urban households by housing tenure.
주택점유형태 임차 , 자가에 따른 미국도시가구의 주택경비예산지분 , 주택경비지출과 주택구입능력에 관한 연구.

war communism , a forced socialized economic policy began with the confiscation of surplus grain.
전시 공산주의에서 강화된 사회경제 정책은 남는 여분의 곡식 몰수로부터 시작되었다.

italy consolidated their lead with a second goal.
이탈리아가 두 번째 골로 선두 자리를 굳혔다.

japan is chomping at the bit.
그는 핫도그 두 개를 쩝쩝거리며 먹어 댔다.

japan , which calls the islands takeshima , held them during its 35-year colonial rule of the korean peninsula.
일본은 이 섬을 다케시마로 부르고 있으며 , 35년에 걸친 한반도 식민지배 기간 중 점유했었습니다.

japan wants concrete evidence about the fate of missing japanese as a pre-requisite to establishing diplomatic relations.
일본은 북한과 외교관계를 수립하기에 앞서 선행조건으로 실종 일본인들의 생사에 관해 구체적인 증거를 제공받길 원하고 있습니다.

japan says it will delay the survey while negotiations are under way.
일본은 협상이 진행되는 동안 탐사를 연기할 것이라고 전했습니다.

japan exercised dominion over korea long time ago.
오래전에 일본은 대한민국에 지배권을 행사하였다.

president bush is firing a parting shot at iraq war critics as he heads to asia.
부시 대통령은 아시아로 향하면서 이라크전 비판자들에 대해 마지막 독설을 쏘아붙였다.

president bush says the worst thing that could happen is for terrorists to acquire weapons of mass destruction ,.
부쉬 대통령은 특히 최악의 사태는 테러리스트들이 대량파괴 무기를 획득하는 것이라고 지적했습니다.

president bush has been taken a neutral attitude.
부쉬 대통령은 중립적인 자세를 취하고 있습니다.

president bush announced his choice at the white house today (monday).
부시 대통령은 오늘 월요일 백악관에서 그의 선택에 대해 발표했습니다.

president lee and many other world leaders agreed the north's recent nuke test was a clear threat to world peace and stability.
이 대통령과 많은 다른 세계 지도자들은 북한의 최근 핵 실험이 세계 평화와 안정에 명백한 위협이었음에 동의했습니다.

president roh moo-hyun had proposed relocating the administrative capital away from the bustling city of seoul.
노무현 대통령은 번잡한 서울에서 멀리 떨어진 곳으로 행정수도를 이전하자고 제안한 바 있습니다.

president putin also devoted a major part of his address to domestic issues.
푸틴 대통령은 또한 연설의 많은 부분을 국내문제에 할애하였습니다.

president bush's presence in moscow also gave president putin the opportunity to meet one-on-one with his russian counterpart.
부쉬 대통령이 모스크바를 모습을 나타낸 것 역시 두 정상간 일대일 직접 회담의 기회를 푸틴 대통령에게 제공한 것이었습니다.

president bush's derogatory remark about a new york times reporter has been making headlines around the world , except the newspaper.
부시 대통령이 뉴욕 타임즈 기자에 대해서 한 욕설은 그 신문만 빼고 전세계적으로 대서특필되었다.

president morales issued the decree today (monday) during a speech at the san alberto gas field in southern bolivia.
모랄레스 대통령은 오늘 월요일 , 볼리비아 남부 산 알베르토 가스전에서 연설하는 가운에 국유화 포고령을 발표했습니다.

bush is certainly culpable on this.
bush는 이에 대해 분명히 과실이 있다.

has the train from bristol arrived ?.
브리스톨에서 오는 기차 도착했나요 ?.

has this produced an export lead economy ? nope.
이것은 수출주도 경기에 생산했나요 ? 아니요.

has this produced an export lead economy ? nope.
" 내 펜 봤니 ?" " 아니. ".

has philosophy been replaced by science and business , or do we still yearn to understand our lives in other ways ?.
철학이 과학과 경제에 의해서 대체됐나요 아니면 우리는 아직도 다른 방식들로 우리의 삶을 이해하고 싶어하나요 ?.

declared.
표기의.

declared.
파산 선고를 받다.

declared.
금치산 선고를 받다.

several people were injured in the skirmish between police and demonstrators.
경찰과 시위대가 실랑이를 벌이는 중에 몇 사람이 다쳤다.

several years ago , there were just hundreds of traffickers , last year , on the other hand , there were about 3 , 000 convictions of traffickers worldwide.
밀러대사는 유죄 판결을 받은 인신 매매범이 몇 년전에는 겨우 몇백명이었던 것이 지난해에는 3천명이었습니다.

several cases of malpractice and malfeasance in the financial world are currently being investigated.
금융계에서 일어난 몇몇 배임 및 불법 행위 사건이 현재 조사 중에 있다.

several hundred more iraqi detainees have been released under a national reconciliation plan that prime minister nouri al-maliki announced on sunday.
이라크에서 누리 알-말리키 총리가 이달 초에 발표한 국가화합 계획안에 따라 이라크 수감자 수백명이 추가로 석방됐습니다.

several employees have opted for early retirement , which means their workload must be redistributed among remaining employees.
몇몇 직원들은 조기 퇴직을 택했는데 , 이렇게 되면 그들의 업무는 남아 있는 직원들이 나눠서 처리해야 한다.

several new age theories are founded in atheism and classical and naturalistic pantheism.
몇몇 뉴 에이지 이론은 무신교와 고전적이고 자연주의적인 다신교에서 설립되었습니다.

several pictures of musicians also adorn the chamber.
악기 연주자들을 묘사한 몇몇 그림 또한 동굴 내부를 장식하고 있다.

several signs were blown away by the strong wind.
강풍으로 간판이 여러 개 날아갔다.

several faculty members are drafting a statement supporting the students petition.
몇 명의 교수들이 학생들의 탄원을 지지하는 성명서의 초안을 작성하고 있다.

several factors influencing longevity are set at birth , but surprisingly , many other are elements that can be changed.
몇몇 장수에 영향을 끼치는 사실들은 태어날 때부터 정해져 있지만 놀랍게도 많은 다른 요소들은 바뀔 수 있다.

several proposals have been made to develop the neglected eastern shoreline of the hutton river.
현재 방치되어 있는 후톤강 동부 강변에 대한 개발안이 여러 건 있어왔다.

several surprising things occurred last night.
어젯밤 몇 가지 놀라운 일이 일어났다.

several benefits might ensue if excise discrimination against spirits were ended.
증류주에 대한 소비세 차별이 종결된다면 , 몇 가지 이득이 뒤따를 것이다.

several nymphs have taken a bath in the pond.
몇몇 요정들은 그 호수에서 목욕을 한다.

past sessions have failed to break a near two-year deadlock between washington and pyongyang.
지난 회담에서는 거의 2년간 계속되고 있는 미국과 북한간의 교착상태를 타개하지 못했습니다.

power.
힘.

power.
동력.

power.
권력.

power went out yesterday and left almost 20 , 000 people without electricity in northeastern newcastle.
어제 전력 중단 사태로 뉴캐슬 북동쪽에 살고있는 약 2만 명의 사람들이 전기를 사용하지 못했다.

movement and i will hear my voice when i speak.
음성이 들리는지 확인합니다. 스피커나 헤드폰이 올바르게 연결되어 있고 켜져 있다면 말할 때 재생 측정기에 움직임이 표시되고 음성을 들.

movement and i will hear my voice when i speak.
을 수 있을 것입니다.

structural system of ultra highrise rc-building.
rc초고층 구조시스템.

structural behavior of h-shaped beam-to-square tube column connection reinforced with vertical stiffeners.
연직 스티프너 보강형 각형강관 기둥-보 접합부의 구조적 거동.

structural behavior of circular tube column bases under the axial load.
축압축력을 받는 노출형 원형강관 주각의 거동.

structural analysis and stability of cheomseongdae based on graphic statics.
graphic statics에 기초한 첨성대의 구조해석 및 안정성 연구.

structural tax policy for stimulating household savings in korea (written in korean).
가계저축증대를 위한 구조적 조세정책.

structural relationship between sale price of acquisition right and move-in time market price of a new condominium.
아파트 분양가와 입주 후 시장가격 간의 관계분석.

structural topology optimization algorithm using accelerating method of design variables.
설계변수 가속법을 이용한 구조물의 위상최적화 알고리즘.

space the posts about a metre apart.
말뚝들이 서로 약 1미터 간격으로 떨어지게 하라.

space agency officials say they will have to delay the next launch of the shuttle endeavour until at least october to repair an thruster problem.
항공우주국 관리들은 반동 추진 엔진 고장 수리를 위해 미우주왕복선 인데버호의 다음 발사를 적어도 10월까지는 연기해야만 한다고 발표했 습니다.

space odyssey in 2002 busan : the decline of public space.
2002년 부산 스페이스 오딧세이.

plastic analysis of steel plate shear panels using strip model.
스트립 모델을 이용한 강판 전단패널의 소성 해석.

plastic packaging waste has an energy content that approaches that of diesel fuel.
플라스틱 포장 폐기물은 디젤 연료에 맞먹는 에너지를 함유하고 있다.

plastic cutlery has replaced metal cutlery in all cabins on all flights.
모든 비행기의 선실에선 금속의 날붙이류는 플라스틱으로 대체된다.

behavior of the crack initiation , transition and fatigue crack growth of rail steel.
레일강의 균열발생 천이 및 피로균열진전거동.

behavior of cft column to h - beam full - scale connections with external t - stiffeners.
t-스티프너 보강 cft 기둥-h 형강보 실대형 접합부의 거동.

behavior of reinforced concrete structures subjected to blasting load.
발파하중을 받는 철근콘크리트 구조물의 거동해석.

behavior of high-strength reinforced concrete columns under uniaxial loads.
중심축력을 받는 고강도 철근 콘크리트 기둥의 거동에 관한 연구.

behavior of rc beams strengthened in the tension side with epoxy-bonded steel plates.
강판접착으로 인장 보강된 철근 콘크리트보의 거동.

strong wind scraped the sculpture away.
강한 바람은 조각상을 문질러댔다.

statistical live load survey results for apartment buildings.
아파트 적재하중에 관한 통계적 분석.

statistical analysis of bending strength of glass about weak axis including edge effect.
에지 효과가 포함된 유리의 약축 휨강도의 통계적 분석.

analysis of the traffic flow density in flat urban area.
도시평면에서의 통행밀도 해석.

analysis of the typical meteorological data and the weighting factor of try.
표준기상데이터 형식 분석 및 try 가중치 적용.

analysis of the typical meteorological data selecting methodologies for the building energy simulation.
표준기상데이터 형식 분석 및 프로그램 적용현황.

analysis of the juk-rim large bridge slab considering construction sequence.
차륜의 접지를 고려한 탄성지반상 보의 휨 해석.

analysis of cafe interior design factors using human sensibility ergonomics for different sex.
성별에 따른 카페 인테리어 디자인 요소에 대한 감성공학적 분석.

analysis of an ammonia-water film absorber.
암모니아-물 액막 흡수기의 해석.

analysis of double deck plates considering shear deformation.
전단변형을 고려한 double deck plate 의 해석.

analysis of pharmacy worker's satisfaction about interior design.
약국 근무자의 실내디자인 만족도 분석.

analysis of heating energy in zone-controlled apartment houses.
실온제어에 따른 공동주택의 난방에너지 분석.

analysis of simple supported anisotropic symmetric laminated cylindrical shells.
단순지지된 비등방성 대칭 적층 원통형 쉘의 해석.

analysis of actual duration by effecting elements to duration estimate.
공기산정 영향요인별 실적공기 비교분석.

analysis of impacts of luminance of luminous source and luminous area on gsv.
조명광원의 휘도 및 면적변화에 따른 불쾌글레어감의 영향분석.

analysis of dynamic characteristics on condenser for the control of air conditioning systems.
공조기 제어를 위한 응축기의 동특성 해석.

analysis of dynamic location - allocation for public libraries in southeastern area in seoul.
도시공공서비스 시설의 동태적 입지 배분 분석.

analysis of convective instability induced by buoyancy and heat transfer characteristics for natural convetion in nanofluids.
나노유체의 부력에 의한 대류 불안정성 및 자연대류 열전달 특성 해석.

analysis of evaporation performance for falling-film on a horizontal tube with aqueous libr solution.
libr 수용액을 이용한 수평관 유하액막에서의 증발성능 해석.

analysis of transient thermal characteristics in a gas-loaded heat pipe.
가스내장 히트파이프의 과도 열특성 해석.

analysis of unsteady tunnel flow in subway for various train speed.
열차운행속도의 변화에 따른 지하철 터널내 비정상 유동장 분석.

analysis of workload in steel partition work using owas method.
owas수법을 이용한 경량철골벽 설치작업의 작업부하 분석.

analysis of three-dimensional density distributions for two-phase flows using tomography.
토모그래피를 이용한 2상유동장의 3차원 밀도 분포 분석.

analysis of luminous environment on different characteristics of streetscape.
상업가로의 유형에 따른 조명환경 특성분석.

analysis of hypermarket catchment area.
할인점의 이용권 분석에 관한 연구.

analysis on the thermal characteristics of variable conductance heat pipe.
가변 컨덕턴스 히트파이프의 열특성에 관한 해석.

analysis and improving strategies on construction management(cm) service adoption in public sector construction.
공공부문 건설사업관리(cm)적용 실태 및 개선에 관한 연구.

analysis system for developing the process of gas turbine cycle used in igcc.
igcc용 가스터빈 사이클 공정개발을 위한 해석체계.

analysis showed that traces of arsenic were present in the body.
분석을 통해 그 시체 속에서 비소의 흔적이 있음이 드러났다.

strength evaluation of reinforced concrete beam-column assembles based on the strut-tie model.
스트럿-타이 모델에 기초한 철근콘크리트 보-기둥 접합부의 내력 평가.

strength development of the concrete at early age subjected to low temperature depending on admixture types.
혼화재 종류 변화에 따른 저온조건하 콘크리트의 초기강도 발현 특성.

strength increase of a hollow r , c column with internal confinement by a steel tube inside face.
삽입강관의 내부구속력에 의한 중공교각의 강도증진 효과.

strength formula for pinned connections between welded built-up square cft columns and wf beams.
용접조립 각형cft 기둥-보 핀접합부의 내력식.

glass plays an essential role in various scientific fields.
유리는 다양한 과학 분야에서 필수적인 역할을 한다.

cyclic loading test of reinforced concrete frame with unreinforced concrete block infill.
무보강 콘크리트 블록채움벽을 갖는 rc 프레임의 정적가력실험.

type a description of the operating system image to be installed.
설치할 운영 체제 이미지에 대한 설명을 입력하십시오.

type the name or ip address of the new dns server.
새 dns 서버의 이름 또는 ip 주소를 입력하십시오.

type the name and password of an account with permission to join the domain.
도메인에 가입할 권한을 가진 계정의 이름과 암호를 입력하십시오.

type information about the share for users. to modify how people use the content while offline , click change.
사용자를 위해 공유에 관한 정보를 입력하십시오. 오프라인 상태에서 사용자가 콘텐트를 사용하는 방법을 수정하려면 을 클릭하십시오.

steel skeleton school building (1) : architectural plan and design.
철골조 학교건축에 관한 연구 (1) : 건축계획.

economy has become the abiding interest of all modern societies.
경제는 모든 근대 사회의 지속적인 관심사가 되었다.

numerical study on the wind environment of a highrise building.
수치해석에 의한 고층건물 옥탑층 풍환경 평가.

numerical study on the flow characteristics of flat-plate solar collector with riser number.
평판형 집열기의 지관수에 따른 유동특성에 대한 수치해석 연구.

numerical study on the ocean sequestration of liquid co2.
액체 이산화탄소 해양 고정화에 대한 수치적 연구.

numerical study on the brazier effect of layered plates subject to pure bending.
순 휨을 받는 적층평판의 브라지에 효과에 대하 수치해석적 연구.

numerical study on slanted cubical-cavity natural convection.
경사진 3차원 캐비티내 자연대류현상에 관한 수치적 연구.

numerical analysis of optimum air-layer thickness in a double glazing window.
이중창 공기층의 최적두께에 관한 수치해석.

numerical analysis on flow and heat transfer characteristicsin louver fin heat exchanger.
루버휜형 열교환기내 유동 및 열전달 특성에 관한 해석적 연구.

numerical simulation of flows and heat transfer characteristics in spiral tube heat exchangers.
나선형 튜브 내에서의 유동 및 열전달 특성 해석.

numerical simulation of unsteady flow and noise characteristics on the cross - flow fan with varying the blade pitches.
횡류홴 블레이드 피치 변화에 따른 비정상 유동 특성과 소음 변화에 관한 전산해석 연구.

numerical simulation and experimental study on the characteristics of the cascade refrigeration apparatus.
2원냉동장치의 수치시뮬레이션 및 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

modern civilization has yet to infiltrate this place.
이곳은 아직 근대 문명이 침투하지 않았다.

modern films have long and complex stories.
현대 영화들은 길고 복잡한 이야기들을 담고 있다.

modern christianity has tried pretty hard to forget about this , but it can not entirely.
현대 기독교는 이것을 잊기위해 부단히 노력해왔지만 완전히 잊을순 없다.

architecture above the clouds : study on the characteristics of penthouse apartment planning.
구름위의 건축 : 펜트하우스의 평면계획특성에 관한 연구.

le pont d' rgenteuilshows a view of the seine river , featuring a bridge and boats.
" 아르장뛔유의 다리 " 는 다리와 배들을 특징으로 하는 세느강의 경치를 보여주고 있어요.

development of a monthly runoff model.
월유출모형의 개발(연구).

development of a simulation program for uninterrupted flow facilities , i.
연속류 도로의 한국형 모의실험 프로그램 개발 , i(연구).

development of a guideline for the selection of sediment transport formulas(final).
하천유사량 산정방법의 선정기준 개발.

development of the construction technology for underground living space , iv : facility planning criteria maintenance guidelines in th.
지하생활공간개발 요소기술연구 , iv : 건축시설계획기준 및 관리지침(연구).

development of the 21 century-type standardization and prefabricated apartment housing : structural engineering part.
건설공사 생산성 향상을 위한 21세기형 표준화 및 정보화 기술개발(최종) : 21세기형 표준화 , 부품화 주택개발(구조부문).

development of treatment technologies of resistant intestinal parasites with chlorine in water resources.
수자원의 염소내성 병원성 미생물 처리기술개발(연구).

development of mode choice models in cheongju using stated preference data.
sp 자료를 이용한 청주시 수단선택모형개발.

development of analysis method for the curved girder steel deck bridge.
강상판을 갖는 곡선 박스거더 교량의 해석 시스템 개발(연차).

development of design support system to optimize the temporary work.
강교량 설치 가설공사의 최적화설계 지원시스템 개발.

development of damage estimation method using sensor of multiple function in rc beam.
철근 콘크리트 보에서의 다기능 센서를 이용한 손상 추정법 개발.

development of high efficiency absorption chiller-heater of small capacity.
고효율 소형흡수식 냉온수기 개발.

development of environmental friendly vegetation on rock slope.
환경친화적 암사면 녹화공법 개발연구.

development of software for duct design and noise prediction of ventilation system.
환기시스템 급배기용 덕트설계 및 소음예측 s/w의 개발.

development of software program for the design of passive solar systems.
자연형 태양열 시스템의 적정화 설계에 관한 연구.

development of ultrasonic sensors for nondestructive evaluation of fracture critical steel bridges.
응력파를 이용한 교량의 균열 및 손상도평가기법 개발연구.

development of materials of one component polyurethane for waterproofing of buildings.
건축용 일액형 폴리우레탄 소재 개발.

development of passive components technologies for optical communications.
광통신 수동부품 기술개발.

development of automatic transverse andlongitudinal road profile surveying system.
노면 종 , 횡단 요철 자동측정시스템 개발.

development of chip type multilayered transformer.
chip 적층트랜스포머 개발에 관한 연구.

development of schedule risk simulation system using a stochastic method.
확률적 방법에 의한 공정리스크 시뮬레이션 시스템 개발.

development of technologies for interactive multimedia tv broadcasting.
대화형 멀티미디어 tv 방송의 기반기술 개발.

development of searching techniques for characterizing spatial distributions of plumes and contaminants at contaminated sites.
오염지반의 거시적 분포 및 오염원의 형태조사 기법개발(최종).

development of inhaling/exhaling heat recovery ventilator using the concept of ac ventilation for a common housing complex.
공동주택용 축열식 폐열회수형 교류환기장치 개발.

development of rotor profiles with cassini oval curve in roots blower.
roots 블로워용 cassini 난형곡선을 갖는 로터형상 개발에 관한 연구.

development of koced consortium to improve seismic design technology.
내진설계기술 향상을 위한 koced 컨소시엄 운영방안.

development of ihcs(infill heating cooling system)standard model for longevity of apartment housing.
공동주택의 장수명화 및 재생을위한 ihcs 표준모델개발(연구보고서).

development of rx/tx mmic for wideband cdma-2000.
광대역 cdma방식 imt-2000 단말기용 rx mmic 및 tx mmic 개발.

development on the computerizing assessment system model for dsm investment programs.
수요관리투자사업 평가용 전산화 모델개발.

development and verification of frequency dependent equivalent linear analysis.
주파수와 변형률에 지배받는 등가선형 해석기법 개발 및 검증.

development and practice of the inorganic ultra fine cement and silica sol in korea.
지반보강용 마이크로시멘트 및 실리카졸의 실용화 연구(최종).

development status of fuel cell technoly and its application for new energy system.
연료전지 연구현황 및 신에너지시스템으로서의 응용.

development strategy for an information exchange subsystem as a part of construction project lifecycle management system (cplms).
건설 프로젝트 생애주기 관리를 위한 정보교환서브시스템 개발방안.

details of the third attack are sketchy.
세번째 공격에 대한 자세한 사항은 알려지지 않았습니다.

details of his life are scanty.
그의 삶에 대한 세부적인 내용은 얼마 안 된다.

twenty-four banks have agreed on a formula to refinance 1.6 billion of the country's short-team foreign debt.
24개 은행이 국가의 단기 외채 16억을 상환하기 위한 방안에 합의했다.

without a car , my daily life would be a hassle.
차가 없으면 일상생활에 지장이 생깁니다.

without it , do not switch on your toaster.
그것이 없으면 , 토스터의 전원을 켜지 마세요.

without them , their life would be stressful and hectic.
그것들이 없다면 그들은 아마도 스트레스에 시달리며 정신없는 나날들을 보내고 있을 것이다.

without appropriate action , road traffic casualties will rise 66 percent by 2020 to become the third leading contributor to the global burden of disease , up from the ninth position in 1990.
적절한 조치들이 취해지지 않으면 그 부담이 2020년까지 66퍼센트로 올라 1990년 세계의 질병순위가 9위였던 것이 세 번째로 올라서게 될 것입니다.

without fat's pliable cushion , the body has no insulation from cold or shock absorption.
지방이 유연한 쿠션 역할을 해 주기 때문에 몸은 추위나 충격 흡수를 완화할 수 있다.

efficient vibration analysis of floor slab subjected to moving load of vehicle.
차량 이동하중을 받는 바닥판 구조물의 효율적인 진동해석.

culture , destroyed in the ninth century , and hidden in dense rain forest for more than one thousand years. ?.
뉴햄프셔대학의 고고학자들과 미 항공우주국 , nasa의 과학자들은 9세기에 파괴된 채 1 , 000여년 동안 열대 우림 속에 숨겨진 고대 마야 문명의 유적들을 발 굴하기 위해 협력하기로 했습니다.

perfidy.
불충.

older or younger , music stardom is a chancy dream for anyone to pursue , said record executive gottlieb.
레코드사 대표 gottlieb씨에 따르면 연령에 상관없이 뮤직스타가 되겠다는 희망은 위험한 꿈이라고 말한다.

older workers can be as adaptable and quick to learn as anyone else.
나이 많은 근로자들도 다른 누구 못지않게 적응도 하고 빨리 배울 수도 있다.

men have a more direct conversational style.
남자들은 대화 스타일이 좀 더 직설적이다.

men on horses used to charge the enemy with lances.
말을 탄 사람들은 창으로 적을 공격하곤 했다.

men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable. (johann wolfgang von goethe).
무엇을 웃기다고 생각하는가 만큼 사람의 인격을 제대로 드러내주는 것도 없다. (요한 볼프강 폰 괴테 , 자기관리명언).

men use assertive language more than women.
남자들이 여자들보다 적극적인 언어를 더 많이 쓴다.

recent years have witnessed a growing social mobility.
근년에 들어 사회적 유동성이 증가해 왔다.

recent attempts to eradicate the caste-system in india have led the government to pay inter-caste couples for their marriage.
최근 인도의 카스트 제도를 없애려는 시도는 정부에서 카스트내에서 결혼을 하려는 커플들을 인정하고있다.

recent problems of marginal farmland : the theoretical view.
한계 농지의 이론적 고찰.

recent changeover to computerized record keeping has caused delays in filling customer orders.
최근의 자료 보관 시스템 전산화로 고객에게 주문품 발송이 늦어졌다.

state of the art of cleanroom industry and research activities in korea.
국내 클린룸 산업현황과 기술개발동향.

first i want to say , clay , may you forever shine.
우선 클레이 오빠는 영원히 빛날 거라고 말씀드리고 싶어요.

first , i put the black ball on the testing table which was 40 cm high.
먼저 , 나는 40cm 정도 높이의 실험대 위에 검은 공을 올려놓았다.

first , the ingredients we are going to be using today are : chicken , leeks , potatoes , garlic and olive oil.
먼저 오늘 사용할 재료들을 말씀드리면 닭고기 , 부추 , 감자 , 마늘 , 그리고 올리브 오일입니다.

first , you need to strip away all the old plaster.
먼저 예전의 회반죽을 모두 벗겨 내어야 한다.

first , what about troglodytes ? troglodytes are people who live in caves.
첫째 , 혈거인은 어떤 것인가 ? 혈거인은 동굴에 사는 사람들이다.

first , there is the passive type of boyfriend.
첫째로 , 수동적인 타입의 남자친구가 있다.

first , there is evidence that regular exercise can favorably alter blood levels of different forms of cholesterol.
첫째 , 규칙적인 운동은 다양한 형태의 콜레스트롤에 있는 혈액의 수치를 좋은 방향으로 바꿔준다는 증거가 있습니다.

first , normal or shallow earthquakes , which originate somewhere between the earth's surface and forty-four miles beneath , are the most common type.
우선 , 일반 또는 얕은 지진이다. 이것은 지구표면과 44마일 깊이 사이에서 발생한 지진이며 , 가장 흔한 형태이다.

first , mould the clay into the desired shape.
먼저 , 점토를 원하는 형태로 만들어라.

first of all , there are different dialects of any language.
우선은 , 모든 언어에는 다른 사투리들이 있습니다.

first of all , bats can fly.
우선 박쥐는 날 수 있습니다.

first of all ralph is very selfless.
먼저 , 랠프는 매우 이타적이다.

first with a role in the slasher movie he knows you are alone , and then on the television sitcom , bosom buddies.
첫번째로 출연한 작품은 어둠의 방랑자라는 폭력 영화였고 , 그 다음 작품이 텔레비전 시트콤 막역한 친구들이었다.

first city bank , eh ? is there a branch nearby ?.
퍼스트시티 은행이라구요 ? 이 근처에 지점이 있어요 ?.

first came the mars rovers , then the cassini spacecraft images of saturn and now nasa is setting its sights on another planet.
처음에는 화성 탐사 로봇 , 그 다음은 우주선 카시니 호의 토성 사진 , 그리고 지금 nasa는 또 다른 행성을 목표로 하고 있습니다.

foreign service officers , as a rule , are self-abnegating in serving any administration.
외교관은 대체로 행정업무를 제공하는데 헌신하고 있다.

foreign investors , alarmed by new levels of corruption , are staying away.
새로운 부패의 정도에 경각된 외국인 투자자들은 투자를 삼가고 있다.

foreign nationals are advised to avoid the downtown area of the city , as well as certain outlying areas , because local militiamen may detain you.
외국인들은 이곳 민병들에 의해 억류될 수 있으므로 시내 중심가와 특정 외곽 지역에는 가지 마십시오.

held.
거행되다.

held.
물이 잡히다.

held.
장이 서다.

laughter is the most powerful and constructive force for calming tension.
웃음은 긴장을 해소하는 가장 강력하고 건설적인 힘이다.

laughter is the tonic , the relief , the surcease for pain. (charlie chaplin).
웃음은 강장제이고 , 안정제이며 , 진통제이다. (찰리 채플린 , 희망명언).

laughter is by definition healthy. (doris lessing).
웃음은 그 자체로 건강하다. (도리스 레싱 , 희망명언).

laughter can endear you to anyone , which may make them acquiesce to your requests.
웃음은 여러분이 어느 누구에게도 사랑을 받게 하고 , 이것은 여러분의 요청에 그들이 동의하게 할 지도 모릅니다.

universal design characteristics shown in the japanese model houses.
일본 주택의 유니버설디자인 특성에 관한 연구.

architectural shape design knowledge representation for design computation using algebra.
컴퓨터응용을 위한 형태디자인 지식의 함수적 표현에 관한 연구.

design of the busan-geoje fixed link , the main artery of resources and tourism(the part of bridges.
물류.관광의 대동맥 부산-거제간 연결도로(교량부분) 설계.

design of ceiling glass installation process with human-robot cooperative system - part of building lobby.
인간-로봇 협업 시스템을 이용한 천장유리 설치자동화 공정설계 - 건물 로비부.

design of supplemental dampers for seismic reinforcement of structures.
구조물의 내진보강을 위한 부가 감쇠장치의 설계.

design of alternating operation algorithm for tunnel ventilation systems.
터널환기 시스템의 교번 운전을 위한 알고리즘 설계.

design of buffer in automated container terminals through simulation.
2000년도 한국경영과학회 추계학술대회 및 정기총회.

design of cryostat for testing high-tesrperconducting composites.
고온초전도복합재 실험용 저온조의 설계.

design of desiccant cooling system for the individual household of apartment house using district heating.
지역난방열을 이용한 공동주택 세대별 제습냉방시스템 설계.

design and performance experiment of the g-m type orifice pulse tube cryocooler for 77 k applications.
77 k 용 g-m 형 오리피스 맥동관 극저온 냉동기의 설계 및 성능 실험.

design and build of cranes for cable stayed bridges.
사장교 가설용 크레인 설계 및 제작.

design and repair works of cut-slope in taejon metropolitan education office.
대전교육연수원 비탈면 복구공사 설계용역.

design guide of the optimum blasting paterns for minimizing overbreak.
여굴 최소화를 위한 최적 발파패턴 설계방안에 관한 연구.

design thermal loads in composite box girder bridges.
합성형교량의 설계온도하중.

design application analysis and proposals of terraced housing on hilly sites.
구릉지 활용을 위한 테라스하우스 적용방법 분석과 계획방향.

design data for the maximum cooling and heating load calculation method for seoul.
최대열부하계산법의 실용자료 -서울 , $tac2.5\%$-.

design guideline for standard data models of framework data.
기본지리정보 데이터 모델 설계지침.

design abstraction in knowledge representation for knowledge-based system in architecture.
건축설계의 지식기반시스템 구축을 위한 지식표현의 추상화.

design displacement of wall-type structures with plan-irregularity considering inelastic torsional behavior.
평면비정형 벽식 구조물의 비탄성설계변위 산정.

based on your vehicle's mileage at your last visit , the following service is now recommended.
지난 번 방문하셨을 때 고객님의 자동차 주행 거리를 근거로 , 다음의 서비스를 받으시도록 권해드립니다.

based on cervantes' famous novel and the late 1869 ballet premiere in russia , don quixote brings spice with spanish flare and comedy as the title character goes on a quest for his vision of true love , dulcinea.
세르반테스의 유명한 소설을 바탕으로 하고 1869년 러시아에서 발레로 초연이 된 돈키호테는 스페인의 불꽃과도 같은 풍미와 코미디를 선사하며 , 주인공 은 진정한 사랑의 환영인 덜 시네아를 찾아 모험을 계속한다.

axial.
축방향하중.

axial.
축방향력.

axial.
축방향 피치.

shear.
깎다.

shear.
양털을 깎다.

flow and heat transfer characteristics of cross-flow fin-tude heat exchanger.
직교류 흰-관 열교환기의 유동 및 열전달 특성.

buckling strength of orthotropic rectangular plate with a longitudinal stiffener under in - plane linearly distributed loads.
면내 선형분포하중을 받는 수평보강재가 설치된 직교이방성판의 좌굴강도.

cylindrical.
원통형의.

cylindrical.
원기둥(꼴)의.

experimental study of heat transfer characteristics in the louvered-fin type heat exchanger.
루우버휜형 열교환기의 열전달특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on the air drying characteristics using the impingement jet stream.
충돌제트기류를 이용한 통기건조 특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on the shear strength of basement composite wall with various shear connector detail.
지하합성벽의 shear connector 형태에 따른 전단내력에 관한 실험 연구.

experimental study on the freezing of aqueous binary solution saturated packed bed in a square cavity.
다공성 물질이 충전된 정방형 밀폐용기 내에서 수용성 혼합용액의 동결거동에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on the fluctuation of the gas concentration around a cubic model.
건물주변의 농도변동에 관한 기초적 연구.

experimental study on strength and shear deformation behavior of steel box connections (1).
box 단면 접합부의 강도와 전단변형특성에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on strength revelation of hi-strength mass-concrete.
고강도 매스콘크리트의 강도성상에 관한 실험적 연구(제1보).

experimental study on strength revelation of hi-strength mass-concrete.
고강도 매스콘크리트의 강도성상에 관한 실험적 연구(제2보).

experimental study on flow distribution in maniforlds by a tapered header.
경사 분배관에 의한 다지관내의 유속분포에 대한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on heat transfer characteristics on film-cooled cylinder.
막냉각되는 원통표면에서의 열전달에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental study on acceleration feedback control using an active mass damper.
능동질량감쇠기를 이용한 가속도 피드백 제어에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental research in shear strength of set anchors.
셋트앵커의 전단내력 평가에 관한 실험적 연구.

experimental studies on the collection electrode of a two-stage electrostatic air cleaner.
2단 평행판 전기집진기의 집진특성 실험.

experimental investigation on the enhancement of methane hydrate formation in the solid transportation of natural gas.
천연가스 고체화 수송을 위한 메탄 하이드레이트 충진율 증대에 대한 실험적 연구.

lateral drift control technique of high-rise shear wall core structural system.
고층 전단벽 코어구조시스템의 횡변위 제어방안.

using a rolling pin , elongate circles into ovals.
밀대를 이용해서 원모양을 타원형으로 만들어주세요.

using a blend of 20% biodiesel reduces carbon dioxide emissions by 15%.
" bd20(바이오디젤20% , 경유80%) " 의 사용은 탄산가스배출을 15%까지 낮추고 있다.

using a mouthwash freshens the breath.
구강 청결제를 쓰면 입 냄새가 상쾌해진다.

using the tools of biotechnology , plant geneticists are introducing proteins into plants that can be used to fight human viruses.
식물 유전공학자들은 생물 공학을 도구로 삼아 인체에 유해한 바이러스와 싸울 수 있는 단백질을 식물에 주입하고 있다.

using the miracle bar system you can lose five , ten , even fifteen pounds in less than ten days !.
miracle bar 시스템을 이용하면 당신은 십일도 안돼서 5 , 10 심지어 15 파운드까지 줄일 수 있을 것입니다.

using the tentacles like feeding tubes , the skin cells absorb some of the melanin , coloring the skin.
피부 세포는 이들 섬모를 급수관처럼 이용하여 멜라닌의 일부를 흡수하여 피부를 착색시킵니다.

using these , scientists are able to chart the history of the earth.
이것들을 사용함으로써 과학자들은 지구의 역사를 도표화 할 수 있다.

using less fertilizer and agricultural chemicals is good for two reasons.
거름과 농약을 적게 쓰는 것이 좋은 이유는 두가지가 있다.

using satellite technology , irwin and his colleagues tracked three of the large reptiles , which had been relocated many kilometers from their homes in far north queensland.
위성 기술을 사용하여 , 이완과 그의 동료들은 큰 파충류 세 마리를 추적했으며 , 그들은 북부 퀸스랜드의 고향에서 수 킬로미터 떨어진 곳으 로 이동하였습니다.

using evidence , he gave an item-by-item rebuttal of the claim.
그는 증거를 들어 가며 그 주장을 조목조목 반박했다.

using computers has a beneficial effect on children's learning.
컴퓨터 이용이 어린이들의 학습에 유익한 영향을 미친다.

using sysprep , you can fully automate a windows 2000 installation so that no user input is required.
sysprep을 사용하면 사용자의 입력없이 windows 2000을 설치하도록 설치를 전체 자동화할 수 있습니다.

using diet pills is not a safe way to lose weight.
살빼는 약을 사용하는 것은 감량을 위한 안전한 방법이 아니다.

using straightforward terms instead of ambiguous buzzwords will help you to make your point and will also help you stand out from the crowd.
모호한 전문 용어 대신에 직접적인 용어를 사용하면 자신의 주장을 분명히 밝히고 다른 이들보다 훨씬 돋보일 수 있습니다.

using synthesizer , some composers get various composite sound.
신디사이저를 이용해서 , 몇몇 작곡가들은 다양한 합성 음원을 얻는다.

simply because it seems so far away , it is an area that is subject to procrastination.
단순히 멀리 떨어져 있는 것처럼 보이기 때문에 , 그곳은 미루는 대상이 되는 지역이다.

simply quote your 10-digit code number when ordering on the phone or by mail.
전화나 우편을 통해 주문할 때 간단히 10자리 코드 숫자를 말하세요.

under the tutelage of professor roberts , the 900 delegates assessed and discussed the social market economy.
로버츠 교수의 지도아래 900명의 대표단이 사회 시장경제를 평가하고 그에 대해 토론했다.

under our education system , you are supposed to be able to choose the type of schooling that your child receives.
우리 교육 제도 하에서 당신은 자녀가 받을 학교 교육의 유형을 선택할 수 있게 되어 있다.

under donna's leadership , arbus , inc. has nearly doubled its revenue in only two years.
도나가 대표이사로 있는 동안 아버스 회사는 2년 만에 수익을 두 배 가까이 늘렸다.

considering the operation and management of school dormitory.
농산어촌 기숙형 학교 , 기숙사 운영에 대하여.

considering the deep-rooted social preference for male babies that pressures women to abort unborn girls , society and religious organizations are being too cruel in calling abortion a crime.
남아선호사상이 뿌리깊은 환경 , 여아를 낙태하도록 산모들을 내모는 상황에서 사회나 종교단체의 일방적인 낙태 정죄는 그리 섬세한 대응이 될 수 없어.

construction of the runway is scheduled for completion in april.
활주로는 4월에 완공될 예정이다.

construction progress measurement system by tracking the work-done performance.
내역물량 측정에 의한 건설공사진도율 산정시스템.

construction automation and robotics : today and tomorrow.
건설자동화 및 로봇화 기술의 현재와 미래.

optimization of current lead with convective heat transfer of boil-off helium.
증발 헬륨의 대류열전달을 고려한 극저온 전류도입선의 최적화.

optimization study of the compression/absorption hybrid heat pump cycle.
증기압축식/흡수식 하이브리드 히트펌프 사이클에 관한 최적화 연구.

transfer from mastersend command to server to cause a zone transfer.
마스터에서 전송영역 전송을 유발하도록 서버에 명령을 보냅니다.

reinforced concrete beams in combined bending and torsion.
휨과 비틀림을 받는 철근콘크리트 보.

member for nottingham , north (mr. allen) raised the issue of the cement batching plants.
시위자들을 체포하고 시민 단체 사람들을 억압하는 데 수많은 훈련된 경찰들을 보내는 것 대신 , 정부는 이러한 단체의 고통을 돕고 경감시키는 방법에 대 한 생각을 시작해야 합니다.

member design of frame structure using genetic algorithm.
유전자알고리즘에 의한 골조구조물의 부재설계.

capacity.
능력.

capacity.
용량.

capacity estimation of spectrally overlaid single-code and multi-code cdma system.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

natural convection heat transfer from a conducting tube with two vertical axial fins.
2개의 수직 평판핀을 가진 전도관으로부터자연대류 열전달.

heat , applied through boiling and autoclaving is used to sterilize.
끓이고 압력솥에 요리하는 것을 통해 가하는 , 열은 , 살균하는데 사용됩니다.

heat transfer with phase change between two isothermal horizontal plates.
두 등온 수평 평판 사이의 상변화 열전달.

heat transfer and friction characteristics of slit fin and tube heat exchangers in wet conditions.
습표면 조건에서 슬릿 핀-튜브 열교환기의열전달 및 압력강하 특성.

heat transfer characteristic of heat storage floor in passive solar house.
패시브 솔라 하우스의 축열바닥 전열특성.

heat transfer module for multi-burner water tube boiler : 0.5 t/h class model simulation.
다중버너 수관식 보일러를 위한 전열모듈의 열전달 특성 : 0.5 t/h급 모형 수치해석.

heat transfer enhancement of fin-tube heat exchanger using vortex generators.
와류발생기를 사용한 핀-관 열교환기의 열전달 촉진.

heat waves are shimmering. or the air is shimmering. or the heat is waving the air.
아지랑이가 끼었다.

heat 1 tablespoon oil in skillet over high heat.
프라이팬에 1큰술의 기름을 두르고 강한 불에 달군다.

cooling performance of several co2/propane mixturesin an air-conditioning system.
이산화탄소/프로판 혼합냉매의 냉방성능 특성.

cooling load reduction technology by double wall equipped with air vent system.
통기구조를 갖는 이중벽 시스템에 의한 냉방부하 저감기술.

cooling characteristics of a parallel channel with protruding heat sources using convection and conduction heat transfer.
돌출된 열원이 있는 채널에서 대류와 전도열전달을 이용한 냉각특성.

these are a few of the problems which can afflict the elderly.
이것이 장년층을 괴롭힐 수 있는 몇몇 문제들이다.

these are not thought of as opposite to each other , but as two sides of the same coin.
이것들은 서로 대립되는 것이 아니라 , 동전의 양면으로 여겨진다.

these are the times mr. hanks resists reflecting upon.
행크스는 그 때의 일을 떠올리기조차 싫어한다.

these are the muscle fibers that develop during muscle hypertrophy.
이것들은 근육이 이상 발달을 하는 동한 발달하는 근 섬유입니다.

these are the embryos that would be thrown in the trash.
이 배아들은 어차피 쓰레기로 버려지게 됩니다.

these are all principles of animation.
그것이 바로 애니메이션의 원칙이지요.

these are on sale for seventy percent off.
이것들은 세일해서 70% 로 다운됐어요.

these are just another pair of shoes.
이것은 단지 전혀 별개의 문제이다.

these are oils such as almond , avocado , butter , canola , corn , grape seed , lard , olive , peanut , safflower , sesame , shortening , vegetable , soy and sunflower , safe for use in medium , high and deep fry cooking with the smoke points ranging from 177 degrees c to 277 degrees c.
이런 기름 종류에는 아몬드유 , 아보카도유 , 버터유 , 카놀라유 , 옥수수유 , 포도씨유 , 라드 , 올리브유 , 땅콩유 , 홍화유 , 참기름 , 쇼트닝 , 야채 기름 , 콩기름 그 리고 해바라기유가 있는데 이 기름들은 발연점이 섭씨 177도에서 277도에 이르는 저온 , 고온 튀김 요리에 사용해도 안전하다.

these are oils such as almond , avocado , butter , canola , corn , grape seed , lard , olive , peanut , safflower , sesame , shortening , vegetable , soy and sunflower , safe for use in medium , high and deep fry cooking with the smoke points ranging from 177 degrees c to 277 degrees c.
이런 기름 종류에는 아몬드유 , 아보카도유 , 버터유 , 카놀라유 , 옥수수유 , 포도씨유 , 라드 , 올리브유 , 땅콩유 , 홍화유 , 참기름 , 쇼트닝 , 야채 기 름 , 콩기름 그리고 해바라기유가 있는데 이 기름들은 발연점이 섭씨 177도에서 277도에 이르는 저온 , 고온 튀김 요리에 사용해도 안전하다.

these can replenish all the vitamins and minerals during stress and can actually help the body cope better.
이것들은 스트레스 기간 동안 모든 비타민과 무기질을 공급할 수 있고 실질적으로 몸이 더 잘 대처하도록 도와줍니다.

these animals have the right to be treated properly too.
이 동물들도 좋은 대접을 받을 권리가 있습니다.

these two words form an antithesis to each other.
이 두 단어는 대구로 되어 있다.

these two types of man evolved differently.
이러한 인류의 두 유형은 다르게 진화했다.

these two landmark skyscrapers collapsed in a short time.
이 두 랜드마크인 고층빌딩은 잠시 후에 무너졌다.

these two disputants will meet in court.
분쟁 중인 이 두 사람은 법정에서 만날 것이다.

these days i use digital camera only.
요즘엔 디지털 카메라만 사용하죠.

these days , he plays his trumpet in a jazz style from the past.
요즘은 그는 재즈의 오래된 형식으로 트럼펫을 연주한다.

these days some people are even willing to pay two thousand dollars for the latest hybrid dog dubbed the puggle a cross between a pug and a beagle.
심지어 오늘날 많은 사람들은 퍼그와 비글을 교배한 퍼글이라고 불리는 잡종개에 2000달러를 기꺼이 지불하려고도 해요.

these days boardroom big shots are household names.
요즘은 이런 재계 거물들이 집안 식구 이름만큼이나 친숙합니다.

these small crafts link ship to lands , but they are also useful for navigating narrow channels crowded with another polar spectacle.
이 작은 배들로 유람선을 떠나 남극의 땅을 밟을 수 있습니다. 뿐만 아니라 또 다른 남극의 장관으로 가득한 좁은 물길을 지나갈 때에도 필요.

these small crafts link ship to lands , but they are also useful for navigating narrow channels crowded with another polar spectacle.
합니다.

these bags are incapable of repair.
이 가방들은 수리가 불가능하다.

these soldiers are all chastened by adversity.
이 군인들은 모두 역경에 단련되어 있다.

these islands are owned by hammonds and completely desolate until he brings the dinosaurs.
이 섬들은 hammonds의 것이고 그가 공룡들을 데려오기 전까지는 완벽하게 황량했던 곳이다.

these different areas were often in conflict with one another.
이 서로 다른 지역들은 종종 서로 갈등이 일어나곤 했다.

these women are from a nomadic tribe known for hunting and poaching.
이 여성들은 사냥과 밀렵으로 알려진 유목민족 출신이다.

these species are generalist predators , including foxes , stoats , weasels , carrion crows and magpies.
여우 , 담비 , 족제비 , 까마귀 , 그리고 까치를 포함하는 이 종들은 , 여러 종을 먹이로 하는 포식자(범식포식자)입니다.

these occur all year round , due to animal dander and dust mites.
이러한 것은 동물의 비듬과 진드기 때문에 일년 내내 발생합니다.

these governments might dislike minorities in their nation , especially if the minorities come from other countries they fought in the past.
이런 정부들은 그들 국가의 소수 그룹들을 싫어할 수 있는데 , 소수그룹이 과거에 전쟁을 했던 나라에서 온 사람들일 경우에 특히 그러하다.

these include power plants , bridges , roads , railways , structures , water supply , irrigation , the natural environment , sewer , flood control , transportation and traffic.
여기에는 발전소 , 다리 , 도로 , 철도 , 건물 , 상수도 , 관개 수로 , 자연 환경 , 하수도 , 홍수 방지 , 운송 및 교통 등이 포함된다.

these include reductions in nutrient mining , limits on cutting of trees , less use of infertile grassland , and better farming methods that protect the environment.
이들 방안가운데에는 영양소의 채굴을 줄이고 벌목을 제한하며 불모의 목초 사용을 줄이고 환경을 보호하는 더 나은 농사법을 이용하는 것 들이 포함됩니다.

these trees have been earmarked for cutting next year.
이 나무들은 내년에 벨 것으로 점 찍어 놓았다.

these helped them invent a new wing shape , propeller and system to control the airplane while it is flying.
이러한 것들은 그들이 새로운 날개 모양 , 프로펠러 , 그리고 날고 있는 동안 비행기를 조정해 주는 시스템을 발명하는 데 도움을 주었다.

these sitting ducks hardly change into gentlemen.
양보할 줄 모르는 이런 사람들이 신사가 되기란 힘들다.

these practices have enraged the saxon nobility , particularly the fiery cedric of rotherwood.
이러한 관행들은 색슨 귀족들을 화나게 만들었다 , 특히 로더우드의 맹렬한 세드릭은 더더욱 그러했다.

these four perspectives are very different and contradict each other in many ways.
이 4개의 관점은 모두 다르며 서로 모순되는 점이 많다.

these urban blacks usually speak their native tongue and english or afrikaans.
이처럼 도시에 사는 흑인들은 대개 그들의 모국어와 영어 , 또는 공용 네덜란드어를 한다.

these beautiful snow-capped mountains form the habitat of many wild animals , including mountain goats , white-tailed deer , brown bears , and several species of birds.
이 눈 덮인 아름다운 산맥은 많은 야생 동물들의 보금자리를 이루고 있는데 , 산 염소라든가 흰 꼬리 사슴 , 불곰 , 그 외에 수많은 종류의 새들 이 이 곳에서 살고 있습니다.

these signs are stable , unmoving , and realistic.
이 기호들은 안정적이고 , 움직이지 않고 현실적이에요.

these dreams show the untapped innovative power within.
이러한 꿈들은 개발되지 않은 변화시킬 힘을 안에서 보여주는 것이다.

these areas were subsequently enumerated in a letter three days later.
이러한 지역들은 사흘 후에 온 편지에 뒤이어 열거되어 있었다.

these domestic horses come in more than 100 different breeds.
이렇게 길들인 말들은 100종이 넘는다.

these projections come the same week that opec agreed to boost output by 800 , 000 barrels a day starting in october.
이러한 예측들은 석유 수출국 기구(opec)가 10월부터 하루 석유 생산량을 80만 배럴씩 늘리겠다고 동의한 그 주에 나온 것들입니다.

these policies have sent the construction industry into an abrupt nosedive.
이들 정책들로 인해 건설업이 돌연 급격히 악화되었다.

these highways are really great , but the road signs are pretty confusing.
이 고속도로는 정말 멋있어 , 하지만 도로 표지판이 아주 헷갈려요.

these events magnified the role of the federal government in the national economy.
이로 인해 국가 경제에서 연방 정부의 역할이 크게 강화되었다.

these artificial roses are quite lifelike.
이 장미의 조화는 꼭 진짜 같다.

these reports were only declassified last year.
최근 러시아 정부는 극비 문서의 비밀 제한을 해제했다.

these shoes are so tight that they hurt.
구두가 너무 꼭 끼어서 아파요.

these behaviors can undermine the strength of what you want to say.
이러한 행동들은 당신이 하는 말의 설득력을 약화시킬 수 있습니다.

these calculations are susceptible to error.
이 계산은 틀렸을 가능성이 있다.

these exercises aim to counteract the effects of stress and tension.
이 운동들은 스트레스와 긴장감이 초래하는 영향을 해소하는 데 목적이 있다.

these rental ski boots are a little small for me.
대여 스키화가 조금 작은 것 같은데요.

these styles include western metal bands like seether.
이런 스타일 중에는 시더와 같은 서구 메탈 밴드가 포함된다.

these horses are being led to the pasture.
이 말들은 목장으로 이끌려 가고 있다.

these samples are not for resale.
이 샘플들은 전매할 수 없습니다.

these noodles have a good consistency.
이 국수는 찰기가 좋다.

these claims are dubious and not scientifically proven.
이 주장은 의심스러우며 과학적으로 증명되지 않았다.

these metals are toxic to most living cells.
이 금속은 대부분의 세포들에게 유독하다.

these researchers from south korea have accomplished a first.
한국의 이 연구원들이 세계 최초로 해냈습니다.

these teeth rip like the edge of a saw.
이 이빨들이 톱날처럼 갈기갈기 찢어 버린다.

these require immediate medical attention : headaches , nausea and vomiting depression or psychosis night blindness jaundice , hepatitis or abdominal pain diarrhea , rectal bleeding people who are considering accutane treatment must have a thorough examination by a doctor , ongoing blood tests and an analysis of medications currently used.
이런 부작용들은 즉각적인 의학적 주의가 필요합니다 : 두통 , 메스꺼움 그리고 구토 우울증 혹은 정신 이상 야맹증 황달 , 간염 또는 복통 설사 , 직장 출혈 어큐테인은 심각한 여드름을 치료하기 위한 시장의 약 중 가장 효과적입니다. 또한 그것은 잠재적인 부작용(선천적 결손증 같은).

these require immediate medical attention : headaches , nausea and vomiting depression or psychosis night blindness jaundice , hepatitis or abdominal pain diarrhea , rectal bleeding people who are considering accutane treatment must have a thorough examination by a doctor , ongoing blood tests and an analysis of medications currently used.
때문에 논란을 일으키는 약이기도 합니다.어큐테인 치료를 고려하는 사람들은 반드시 의사에 의한 철저한 검사 , 진행하는 혈액 검사와 현재.

these require immediate medical attention : headaches , nausea and vomiting depression or psychosis night blindness jaundice , hepatitis or abdominal pain diarrhea , rectal bleeding people who are considering accutane treatment must have a thorough examination by a doctor , ongoing blood tests and an analysis of medications currently used.
사용하는 약에 대한 분석을 받아야 합니다.

these dramatic action scenes were created inside dark and chilly caves.
이 극적인 동작 묘사 장면들은 어둡고 싸늘한 동굴 안에서 창조되었다.

these substances are not poisonous in themselves.
이 물질들은 원래 유독한 것이 아니다.

these alumnus have been the pride of our school.
이 동문들은 우리 학교의 자부심이 되어왔다.

these stamps will surely decorate the envelope.
이 우표들을 붙이면 틀림없이 봉투가 알록달록해질 것이다.

these moist , good-tasting muffins contain only 11 9 calories and 3 grams of fat per muffin.
저기 큼직하고 맛있는 불루베리 머핀 하나 주세요.

these worms were grown in japan , so silk was also expensive to import.
이 누에를 일본에서 기르기 때문에 비단은 수입하기에도 비쌌다.

these gospels state that christ was a jew , born in bethlehem , in judea.
이 복음서에는 그리스도가 유대의 베들레헴에서 태어난 유대인이었다고 나와 있다.

these conclusions are totally at variance with the evidence.
이런 결론은 그 증거와 전적으로 모순된다.

these gmos are not necessarily being marketed in the uk.
이 유전자 변형 식품들은 영국에서 시판될 필요가 없습니다.

effects of rapid thermal annealing on physical properties of polycrystalline cdte thin films.
급열처리기 다결정 cdte 박막의 물성에 미치는 효과에 관한 연구.

effects of asphalt and carbon black on the water-tightness of concrete.
asphalt와 carbon black이 콘크리트의 수밀성에 미치는 영향.

effects of viscous dissipation on the thermal instability of plane couette flow heated from below.
밑으로부터 가열되는 평면 couette 유동에서 점성소산이 열적 불안정성에 미치는 영향.

effects of corrosion conditions on the adhesion of coated steels with polymer cement slurry.
폴리머 시멘트 슬러리 도장강의 접착성능에 미치는 부식조건의 영향.

effects of hydrated temperature and weather condition on the strength development of high performance concrete in mass structures.
매스구조물내의 고성능콘크리트의 압축강도발현에 대한 수화온도 및 외기온의 영향.

effects of snoezelen room on agitated behavior of people with dementia.
스노잘렌 공간이 치매노인 동요행동에 미치는 영향.

effects of treadmill exercise on apoptosis and cell proliferation in the hippocampal dentate gyrus and short-term memory following formaldehyde (fa) exposure in f344 rats.
포름알데히드 노출 후 treadmill 운동이 f344 흰쥐 해마 치상회에서 신경세포 사멸 및 생성과 기억력에 미치는 영향.

effects of humidification with an air purifying substance on sick building syndrome symptoms.
공기청정용 가습액이 새집증후군 자각증상에 미치는 영향연구.

effects of multi-stepwise tpsm on improving the behavior of h-beam bridge.
h형강 교량의 성능개선을 위한 다단계 온도프리스트레싱 효과 분석.

wall.
벽.

wall.
장벽.

analytical method and its application of urban centrality in metropolitan area - the case of daejeon metropolitan area.
대도시 중심지체계의 인식과 경험적 적용에 관한 연구.

analytical validation of a cic framework.
cic 정의의 분석적 검증.

analytical calculation of heat flow in liquid helium cryostats for superconducting coils.
초전도코일 냉각용 액체헬륨 저온조의 해석적 열유동 계산.

neolithic stone axes.
신석기 시대의 돌도끼.

death.
죽음.

death.
사망.

death.
임종.

death , the great leveller.
모든 이에게 평등하게 찾아오는 죽음.

employees have publicly criticized the company' s plans , much to the displeasure of the management.
고용인들은 공공연히 회사의 계획을 비판했는데 경영진은 이에 대해 상당히 불쾌해 했다.

rotten.
부패한.

rotten.
썩은.

rotten.
썩은 달걀.

heavy rainfall and the melting of this winter's record snows have caused flooding throughout central and eastern europe.
폭우와 지난 겨울의 기록적인 적설량이 유럽 중부 , 동부 지역 일대에 홍수를 일으켰습니다.

because a job application materials must sell a person's qualifications , it must do more than just restate a resume in paragraph form.
입사 지원서는 지원자의 자격 요건을 부각시켜야 하기 때문에 이력서를 단순히 단락 형태로 고쳐 쓰는 것만으로는 안 된다.

because the people in these places live in the countryside and are mostly farmers , their lives are physically hard.
이 지역 사람들은 시골에 살면서 대개 농부로 일하기 때문에 생활이 육체적으로 고되다.

because the government has an ambivalent view of the nation's identity , even a neighboring country feels free to distort history , said park jin , who heads the gnp's foreign relations committee.
" 정부가 국가 정체성에 대해 통일되지 못한 입장을 보여왔기 때문에 이웃 국가마저도 우리 역사를 마음대로 왜곡해도 좋다고 생각하는 것 " 이라고 한나라당 의 박진 국제위원장은 말했다.

because it was a haunted house , we could buy it for a song.
유령이 나오는 집이어서 우리는 그것을 헐값에 살 수 있었다.

because of a derailment in the gyeongbu line , the traffic of both up and down trains has been suspended.
경부선은 탈선 사고로 상하선이 모두 불통되었다.

because of the children , our vehicle must have four doors.
아이들 때문에 우리는 4 도어 차가 필요해요.

because of the fog , visibility is less than ten meters.
안개 때문에 10미터 전방도 보이지 않는다.

because of its excellent electrical insulating properties , lead glass is preferred over soda-lime glass for electrical applications.
납유리는 전기 절연성이 뛰어나기 때문에 소다 석회 유리보다 전기 관련 분야에서 더 많이 사용된다.

because of its weight , deuterium can not escape gravity as easily as lighter hydrogen can.
그것의 무게 때문에 , 중수소는 더 가벼운 수소처럼 쉽게 중력을 빠져나갈 수 없습니다.

because of his long hair , i mistook him for a girl.
긴 머리 때문에 나는 그를 여자로 오해했다.

because of his procrastination he has not accomplished anything.
그의 미루기 때문에 그는 아무것도 성취하지 못했다.

because of poor and unstable weather conditions , all flights leaving for montreal , boston , and new york have been delayed until further notice.
변덕스런 악천후 탓에 몬트리올 , 보스턴 , 뉴욕행 항공편은 모두 추가 공지가 있을 때까지 연기되었다.

because of global warming , the thawing of the arctic ice caps is slowly accelerating.
지구 온난화로 북극 만년설의 해빙이 조금씩 빨라지고 있다.

because many people talked loudly , a judge called them to order.
많은 사람이 큰 소리로 떠들었기 때문에 판사는 조용히 하라고 명하였다.

because chinese patriotic catholic association are having full power in many places , and especially at the national level , they are above the bishops.
중국 카톨릭 애국 협회는 여러 모로 큰 영향력을 가지고 있기 때문에 특히 국가적 차원에서는 주교들 보다 상위에 있다.

because amy likes to hear her storytelling , mary sometimes becomes a storywriter.
amy가 그녀의 이야기를 좋아해서 marry는 가끔 소설가가 된다.

because muhammad killed the infidel then it's ok for others to kill the infidel.
무함마드가 이단자들을 처형하였으므로 다른이들도 이단자들을 처형할 수 있다.

because gingivitis is seldom painful , you can have gingivitis without even knowing it.
치은염은 거의 통증이 없기때문에 본인도 모른채 치은염을 앓고 있을 수 있다.

wood is not only recyclable but also re-useable.
나무는 재활용될 수 있을 뿐만 아니라 , 재사용도 가능하다.

wood nettle , with larger , rounder leaves and a less painful sting that usually lasts under an hour , is common in open woods.
나무 쐐기는 더 크고 둥근 입을 가지고 있으며 쏘였을 때 덜 아프며 아픔이 1시간 미만 지속되고 , 열린 숲에서 흔하게 발견됩니다.

already in the time of the ancient greeks , various sports were actively played.
고대 그리스 시대에는 이미 많은 운동 경기가 활발하게 치르어지고 있었다.

since.
왜냐하면.

since.
부터.

since the religious theory of reincarnation is central to the stability of the religion as a whole , the government's action suggests that it is a move to limit the authority of the lama over his own followers.
환생 이론이 불교 전반적 안정성을 위한 핵심이기 때문에 , 정부의 조치는 신도들에 대한 라마의 권위를 줄이기 위한 것이다.

since the %1 scope has been delegated , you can not set authorization rules on role or task definitions within this scope.
%1 범위를 위임했기 때문에 이 범위에 있는 역할 또는 작업 정의에 권한 부여 규칙을 설정할 수 없습니다.

since the %1 scope has been delegated , you can not set authorization scripts on role or task definitions within this scope.
%1 범위를 위임했기 때문에 이 범위에 있는 역할 또는 작업 정의에 권한 부여 스크립트를 설정할 수 없습니다.

since the alliance was formed three months ago , its secular fighters have fought pitched battles with militias belonging to mogadishu's islamic courts.
3개월 전에 이 새로운 연합세력이 결성되자 세속적인 이 세력의 전사들은 모가디슈를 본거지로 하는 회교법정 세력 추종자들과의 전투를 강화하고 있습니 다.

since the alliance was formed three months ago , its secular fighters have fought pitched battles with militias belonging to mogadishu's islamic courts.
3개월 전에 이 새로운 연합세력이 결성되자 세속적인 이 세력의 전사들은 모가디슈를 본거지로 하는 회교법정 세력 추종자들과의 전투를 강 화하고 있습니다.

since she did not have time to read the entire play before class , she read a synopsis instead.
그녀는 수업 전에 그 희곡 전체를 읽을 시간이 없어서 대신 개요를 읽었다.

since last year , our school has liberalized its regulations on hair length and style.
우리 학교는 작년부터 두발 자유화를 실시했다.

since one complaint can topple an entire company , money seekers can pressure food manufacturers for cash , in return for keeping silent about products they claim are contaminated.
하나의 고발이 전체 회사를 무너뜨릴 수도 있기 때문에 , 돈을 구하는 자들은 기업에 그들이 오염됐다고 주장하는 식품에 대해서 침묵을 유지 하는 대가로 돈을 요구할 수 있습니다.

since then he has managed to acquire an unhelpful reputation for cockiness.
그때 이후로 그는 자신감 넘친다는 별 도움 안되는 평판을 얻었다.

since then , the girls have branched out to pursue individual projects.
이 후 , 그녀들은 개별적인 프로젝트를 수행하기 위해 새로운 작업에 들어갔습니다.

since then , we have actively supported the composite dialogue.
그 이후로 , 우리는 적극적으로 포괄협상을 지원하였다.

since then , diaz has confirmed to reporters that her relationship with the former boy-band heartthrob is no more.
그 이후로 , 디아즈는 기자들에게 전 보이 밴드 연인과의 관계가 끝났다고 확인시켜주었다.

since then , trotter has produced and directed three feature films , won an oscar for best picture and , most recently , established the trotter fund , a charitable fund which provides financial support for young writers and directors.
트로터씨는 그 후에도 세 편의 영화를 제작 , 감독했으며 아카데미 최우수작품상을 수상했고 가장 최근에는 트로터 자선 기금을 설립하여 신 인작가와 감독들을 후원하고 있습니다.

since austria has been pushing hard for croatia's entry talks to be resumed , a suite now was available.
그동안 오스트리아가 크로아티아와의 가입 협상 재개를 강력하게 요구해 온 만큼 이제 협상이 가능해졌습니다.

since winning an oscar , she has been battered by the press and has soldiered through a slew of forgettable films.
오스카상을 수상한 이후로 그녀는 언론의 혹평을 받아 왔고 별로 주목 받지 못한 다수의 영화에 근근이 출연하는 정도였다.

since evaporated milk is about twice the strength of fresh milk , you always dilute it with at least an equal amount of water.
농축 우유는 농도가 생우유의 두 배 가량 되므로 희석시키려면 최소한 같은 양의 물이 필요하다.

since 1976 , 406 prisoners have died by lethal injection in the united states.
미국에서는 1976년 부터 406명의 죄수들이 약물주입 사형에 의해서 사망하였다.

less banter and jealousy between ron and hermione , although some is clearly there.
론과 헤르미온느 사이에 정감 어린 농담과 질투는 줄었지만 , 몇 가지는 명백히 있다.

later , he studied liberal arts at the university at avignon.
나중에 , 그는 아비뇽의 대학에서 자유 미술을 공부했습니다.

later , however , she learned that betty had lost a lot of money at a fancy department store.
그러나 나중에 그녀는 betty가 고급 백화점에서 많은 돈을 써버렸다는 것을 알았다.

later at dinner , my mom saw my scrawny neck decorated with the necklace.
나중에 저녁식사에서 나의 엄마는 나의 뼈만 앙상히 남은 목이 목걸이로 장식되어 있는 것을 봤다.

later this week , leaders at the un summit are expected to approve a compromise document on reform.
이번 주 후반 , 유엔 정상회의에 참석한 각국 정상들은 유엔 개혁과 관련된 합의문에 서명할 예정입니다.

later life in switzerland and the united states compelled to leave germany , remarque lived in switzerland from 1931 , and in 1939 he moved to the u.s. with his first wife , ilsa jeanne zamboui (later divorced) , and they became naturalized citizens in 1947.
스위스와 미국에서의 이후의 삶 독일을 떠나도록 강요 받고 , 레마르크는 1931년부터 스위스에서 살았고 1939년 그의 첫 아내인 일자 쟌느 잼부이와 함께 미국으로 건너갔고(나중에 이혼함) , 그들은 1947년에 귀화 시민이 되었습니다.

mad.
광기의.

mad.
극성맞다.

then i had to say farewell to my homestay family.
그리고 나서 나의 홈스테이 가족들에게 작별인사를 해야만 했다.

then i met a chinese girl and we travelled together for the next 15 days.
그리곤 중국인 여자친구를 만나 나머지 15일 동안 가팅 여행했습니다.

then he was diagnosed with the same disease that killed his father.
그 후 그는 그의 아버지를 돌아가시게 만들었던 것과 같은 질병을 앓고 있다는 진단을 받았다.

then he gives her a potion.
그 다음 그는 그녀에게 물약을 주었다.

then he went back into chauvinist mode , this time from the other side.
그 후 , 그는 맹목적 애국주의자가 되어서 돌아왔다. 이번에는 다른 쪽에 편들고 있었다.

then he turned and disappeared into the cave.
그는 몸을 돌려 동굴 안으로 사라졌다.

then , a few hours later , mr. blair appeared in parliament for his weekly turn to answer questions from the opposition.
이로부터 불과 2-3시간 뒤 , 블레어씨는 야당 의원들의 질문에 답하기 위해 의회에 출석했습니다. 총리의 이같은 의회 출석은 주례적인 것입.

then , the neophyte rodent must find a way to become human again.
그러고 나서 , 새끼 설치류는 다시 인간이 되는 방법을 찾아야 한다.

then , how about i meet you at your hotel lobby. say about 6 ?.
그럼 , 묵으시는 호텔 로비에서 만날까요 ? 6시 어떠세요 ?.

then , students who followed old ways to become teachers typically taught those same languages , perpetuating a system of limited choices.
그리고 그렇게 외국어 교육을 받은 학생들은 나중에 교사가 되면 자신들이 배웠던 그대로 가르치게 됨으로써 외국어 교육의 제한된 틀을 답 습해왔습니다.

then the ruffs on her collar were carefully primped to attention.
나디아는 아직도 거울 앞에서 치장하고 있습니다.

then are there lots of diamonds in the sky ?.
그럼 , 수많은 다이아몬드가 있나요 ?.

then this week , north korean leader kim jong-il said his country was prepared to reenter the 6-party talks under certain conditions.
그리고 이번 주에는 북한의 김정일 국방위원장이 특정 조건이 충족될 경우 6자 회담에 복귀할 의사가 있음을 밝혔습니다.

then she noticed complete strangers were reading and commenting.
그러다가 전혀 모르는 사람이 자신의 글을 읽고 답글을 단다는 것을 알게 된 거죠.

then we will deliver your bags to you.
가방을 배달해 드리겠습니다.

then let's find a smaller pair.
그럼 좀더 작은 걸로 찾아보죠.

then try the hot hacienda.
그렇다면 " 핫 하시엔다 " 에 와보십시오.

then suddenly after 31 minutes in the first half , our hopes were shattered when a togo player struck a move.
그러다 전반 31분이 지나 토고 선수가 갑작스럽게 일격을 가했을 때 , 우리의 희망은 산산이 부서졌다.

everyone is not a member of the pre-windows 2000 compatible access group in target domain '%s'.
대상 도메인 '%s'의 모든 사용자가 windows 2000 이전 버전 호환 액세스 그룹의 구성원이 아닙니다.

everyone is being very secretive ? there's something cooking.
모두가 너무 비밀스러워. 무슨 꿍꿍이가 있는 거야.

everyone in my family except me does creative stuff.
저를 빼고는 우리 가족 모두가 창조적인 일을 하죠.

everyone was sworn to secrecy about what had happened.
모든 사람들이 일어난 일에 대해 비밀을 지키겠다고 맹세해야 했다.

everyone has a skeleton in the cupboard.
집집마다 숨기고 싶은 사정이 있다.

everyone has a skeleton in his closet.
털어서 먼지 안 나는 사람 어디 있나.

everyone has lain in bed tossing and turning.
모든 사람들이 잠자리에서 몸을 뒤치락거립니다.

everyone seems to think the country is coalescing.
모든 사람들이 나라가 통합되고 있다고 생각한다.

everyone knows harry potter books are awesome.
모든 사람들은 해리포터 책들이 대단하다는 것을 안다.

everyone else is busy being piggish , but kate rejects all that.
모두가 탐욕에 절어있지만 케이트는 그 모든 걸 거부하죠.

everyone starts screaming and running for the front entrance.
사람들은 소리를 지르며 교회 입구로 달려가기 시작했다.

jones , who is 73-years-old , has worked as a musician for more than five decades.
73세인 존스씨는 음악분야에 50년 넘게 몸담아왔습니다.

axenic.
무균의.

such a thing never entered my head.
그러한 일은 엄두도 못 냈다.

such a flagitious attempt could only be made under some general pretence by a state legislature.
그러한 흉악한 시도는 주 입법부에 의한 보편적인 주장 하에서만 이루어질 수 있다.

such an attitude can be quite limiting , however.
그러한 태도는 꽤 한계를 가지고 있습니다.

such an atom is called a positive ion.
그러한 원자는 양이온이라 불리운다.

such books will meet with a favorable reception.
그런 책들은 환영받을 것이다.

such perfidy can not be forgiven.
그런 배신은 결코 용서될 수 없다.

such automakers as nissan) , estimates of the problem's extent vary.
사고는 자정에서 오전 6시 사이에 정점을 이룬다. 그러나 운전자의 피로에 대해 널리 사용되는 임상실험이 없기 때문에 (닛산같은 자동차 회사들이 몇 가지.

such automakers as nissan) , estimates of the problem's extent vary.
를 개발하고 있다) , 그 문제의 정도에 관한 추정치는 다양하다.

such devices are intended not to bring government closer to the people , but to give undemocratic government a veneer of democratic respectability.
이러한 장치들은 정부를 국민들에게 더 가까이 데려가기 위한 의도가 아니라 비민주적인 정부에게 민주주의 체통의 허식을 주기 위한 것입 니다.

such steps were part and parcel of fraud prevention.
그러한 조처는 사기를 방지하기 위한 중요한 부분이다.

such labile attitudes were evident after caffeine was removed from the list of prohibited substances.
카페인이 금지된 물질에 목록에서 제거된 이후에 그러한 불안정한 태도가 분명해졌다.

such coolness under pressure is the mark of a champion.
압박감을 받으면서도 그렇게 침착한 것이 챔피언의 특징이다.

such forecasts represent derived demand , and are not a response to need.
파생수요를 나타내는 그같은 예상은 요구되는 반응이 아니다.

position determination technology for mobile equipments stage 1 : functional requirements.
이동통신 단말기 무선측위기술 stage 1 : 기능 요구조건.

confidence in the outsourcing industry too , is growing.
이러한 아웃소싱 산업에 대한 신뢰도 역시 점점 높아지고 있습니다.

energy saving effect of high insulation-lightweight envelope system.
고단열 경량 외피시스템의 에너지 절약효과에 관한 실험적 연구.

energy conservation in h . v . a . c system renovation.
공조설비 갱신에서의 에너지 절약기술.

energy conservation for under ground space by dynamic insulation system.
통기구조를 이용한 지하공간의 에너지절약 시스템.

kim goes to school in the morning and comes to the dump in the afternoon where she earns a meager reward for her labors.
킴은 아침에 학교에 가고 오후에는 쓰레기 하치장에 와서 쓰레기 뒤지는 일을함으로써 약간의 돈을 법니다.

kim says she has supportive colleagues and clients , but does run across men who try to undermine her status.
김 씨는 자기를 지지하는 동료들과 고객들도 있지만 , 자신의 지위를 격하시키려는 남자들과 마주친다고 말합니다.

kim byung-hyun , choi hee-seop and hong myeong-bo are examples.
김병현 , 최희섭 , 홍명보 등이 좋은 예다.

double your power of communication by taking nova wherever you go.
어디를 가든 노바를 휴대하여 여러분의 통화력을 2배 높이십시오.

double integration of measured acceleration record using the concept of modified wavelet transform.
수정된 웨이블릿 변환 개념을 이용한 계측 가속도 기록의 이중 적분법.

included.
웬디 커틀러 미국측 수석 협상대표는 미국 정부는 쌀과 다른 농산품들이 포함돼야 한다는 기존의 주장을 굽히지 않을 것이라고 밝혔습니다.

included are collateral damage starring arnold schwarzenegger and swordfish starring john travolta.
아놀드 슈왈제네거가 주연한 콜래트럴 데미지와 존 트라볼타 주연의 스워드피쉬도 포함됐다.

trees soften the outline of the house.
나무는 집의 외형을 부드럽게 해 준다.

trees remove carbon dioxide from the air and release oxygen during photosynthesis.
나무들은 광합성을 하는 동안 공기중의 이산화탄소를 흡수하고 산소를 방출한다.

tom is my son and heir.
탐은 우리 집 장남이다.

tom lifts weights and is as strong as an ox.
톰은 웨이트리프팅을 하고 있어서 아주 튼튼하다.

tom dropped beads to a new man.
탐은 새로운 사람에게 동성애자만의 은어를 사용했다.

tom sawyer is a boy who is full of adventures.
톰 소여는 모험심으로 가득찬 소년이다.

tom cruise waving a sword and all decked out in gleaming red-and-black samurai armor.
탐 크루즈는 붉은 색과 검은색이 섞인 반짝이는 사무라이 갑옷을 차려입고 칼을 흔들었다.

tom coburn , r-okla. , said federal spending should be re-examined and some programs cut while the gulf coast remains a priority.
오클라호마 공화당 의원인 tom coburn은 연방 지출이 다시 재검토되어야 하고 걸프해역이 우선순위로 남아있는 동안에는 몇몇 사업들이 중단되어야 한다고 주장했다.

tom jacobs will be here all of next week to show us his newest upgrade on the tf-401.
톰 제이콥스가 다음 주 내내 여기 머무르면서 tf-401 모델의 최신 업그레이드 제품을 데모할 거예요.

root vegetables such as carrots , leafy greens , and most other vegetables should be left in their bags and stored in the fridge.
당근 , 잎 채소 , 그리고 대부분의 다른 채소는 봉투에 담겨서 냉장고에 보관되어야 합니다.

sales have quintupled over the past few years.
지난 몇 년 동안 매출이 다섯 배가 되었다.

sales of consumer durables increased last quarter.
내구 소비재의 판매가 지난 분기에 증가했다.

sales for the second quarter are expected to exceed predictions.
2/4분기 매출은 예상보다 초과될 전망이다.

company.
회사.

company.
사업체.

friend was kind enough to refer to my schooldays.
그녀는 학창 시절 이후로는 로라를 본 적이 없었었다.

friend also raised the issue of remuneration.
친구또한 보수 문제를 제기했다.

friend has adduced a powerful example from the french experience.
친구는 프랑스에서의 경험으로 부터 얻은 강력한 예를 제시했다.

rescue efforts are underway after a devastating earthquake in china's remote northwestern region.
중국 북서부 지역 외곽에서 강진이 발생해 구조 작업이 벌어지고 있습니다.

rescue crews are on their way.
구조반원들이 사고 지점으로 출동중입니다.

put a bung in it !.
그만 떠들어.

put the duck into the pot and add enough water to completely cover.
오리를 냄비에 넣고 완전히 덮을 정도의 충분한 물을 넣어라.

put this on and go for a nature walk with a cartoon character.
이것을 머리에 쓰고 만화 주인공과 함께 자연 속의 산책로를 걸어보세요.

put on your thinking cap before you say something.
무슨 말 하기 전에 심사 숙고해라.

put on top of potato mixture.
이것을 감자 혼합물 위에 올려라.

put used batteries in a smoke detector.
화재 경보기에 다쓴 건전지를 넣는것.

put together , wad sides facing , and enjoy.
그는 신문지를 똘똘 뭉쳐서 쓰레기통에 집어 넣었다.

put potting soil over the rocks and then put in your plants.
돌 위에 영양토를 놓고 식물을 심어라.

unexpectedly good holiday sales led to record quarterly earnings for hexar motors.
휴일 판매가 예상외로 잘 돼서 헥사 모터스사는 분기별 수익면에서 최고치를 기록했다.

unexpectedly poor sales have forced the company to postpone planned wage increases indefinitely.
예상 밖의 저조한 매출 때문에 회사는 임금 인상 계획을 무기한 연기할 수밖에 없었다.

log or alert has been deleted from the configuration.
구성에서 로그 또는 경고가 삭제되었습니다.

tree.
나무.

tree.
고목.

bill is a babe in the woods when it comes to dealing with plumbers.
빌은 배관공들을 다루는 일에서는 전혀 풋내기이다.

bill was so startled he almost jumped out of his skin.
빌은 몹시 놀라 펄쩍 뛰었다.

bill has no furniture to bother with because he keeps on the move. he says that a rolling stone gathers no moss.
빌은 이사만 다니니까 성가신 가구는 일체 가지고 있지 않다. 그는 구르는 돌에는 이끼가 끼지 않으니까 라고 말한다.

bill jones , jr. , is a chip off the old block. he's a banker just like his father.
빌 존스 주니어는 아버지와 똑같다. 그는 또 아버지와 마찬가지로 은행가이다.

bill knows this city like the palm of his hand.
빌은 이 도시에 대해 훤히 알고 있습니다.

bill longman is a demographer at the new america research foundation group in washington d.c.
빌롱맨 씨는 워싱턴 d.c.의 뉴아메리카 연구재단의 인구통계학자입니다.

bill elkins is a pioneer of space suit design.
빌 엘킨스는 우주복 디자인의 선구자이다.

bob often torments his teachers by asking silly questions.
봅은 흔히 바보 같은 질문을 해서 선생님들을 괴롭힌다.

bob was badly injured in the accident , but at least he's still alive. let's be thankful for small blessings.
밥은 그 사고로 중상을 입었으나 아직 살아 있다. 불행 중 다행이니 감사해야지.

bob : grill chicken that has been rubbed with schilling thai seasoning blend ; expect it to blacken and smoke.
디젤연소에 의해 생기는 카본은 윤활유를 빨리 검게 만든다.

bob has been down in the hips since the car wreck.
밥은 차가 부서진 이후 , 쭉 의기소침해 있다.

bob left the firm quite suddenly. i think there was some monkey business between him and the boss's wife.
밥은 갑자기 회사를 그만두었다. 그와 상사 부인 사이에 무언가 부정행위가 있었던 게 아닌가 생각한다.

bob invested all his money in the stock market just before it fell. boy , did he come a cropper.
밥은 전 재산을 폭락 직전의 주식에 투자했다. 이 어쩌자는 실수인가.

went.
세월이 흘렀다..

went.
당신은 정도를 넘어섰군요..

directly next to it is the tributary robins brook.
바로 옆에 그것은 로빈스 브룩스 지류이다.

each year for which they receive a letter , they can uncover another stripe.
선수는 약자마크를 받는 해마다 덮였던 천을 떼어내 줄무늬가 하나씩 드러나게 한다.

each government is working diligently towards maintaining real peace throughout the world.
각국 정부는 전세계의 진정한 평화를 유지하기 위해 부지런히 일하고 있다.

each pig brother dwells under his own vine and fig tree.
각기 돼지형제는 자신의 집에서 편안히 산다.

each new hurdle seems to loom larger.
각각의 새로운 장애물들은 크게 다가오는 것처럼 보였다.

each dish is surprising and delightful , the wine's impeccable.
음식 하나 하나가 다 놀라울 정도로 맛있으며 , 와인 역시 나무랄 데가 없습니다.

each group will have the same set of questions , in order to ensure comparability.
확실한 비교가 이루어질 수 있도록 각 집단은 동일한 질문 모음을 받게 될 것이다.

each pen comes engraved with a unique serial number to ensure authenticity.
모든 펜에 자기만의 일련번호가 새겨져 있어 진품임을 확실하게 보증합니다.

each village has its own traditional dress and handicrafts.
각 마을들은 그들 고유의 의상과 수공예품을 갖고 있다.

each disc includes a brief introduction to the artist and some interesting information which gives guidance in discovering more about classical music.
각 음반에는 음악가에 대한 간략한 소개와 고전음악에 대해 더 많은 것을 알 수 있도록 도움을 주는 흥미 있는 정보가 담겨 있습니다.

each patient is allotted forty-five minutes.
각 환자마다 45분씩 배당된다.

each person's pattern of dna is unique.
dna 패턴은 개인마다 다릅니다.

each sample was tested in triplicate.
각 샘플은 세 차례 테스트되었다.

new mexico college's defense was great , but their offense was weak.
뉴 멕시코 대학 팀의 수비는 좋았지만 공격은 약했어.

new movement of building fire prevention method in recent days.
건축방화의 최근 동향에 대하여.

new space reappearance of the traditional market to use the membrane structure.
막구조를 이용한 재래시장의 새로운 공간재현.

new training and warning technologies are credited for the safer skies.
새로운 훈련 및 경보 기술 덕분에 안전한 항공 여행이 보장되고 있습니다.

new york is a cosmopolitan city.
뉴욕은 국제 도시이다.

new york has many races among its population.
뉴욕의 인구에는 다양한 인종이 포함되어 있다.

new legislation has raised taxes on people's incomes and on businesses.
새로운 법률이 제정되어 소득세와 기업세가 인상됐다.

new paradigm for living : super high-rise condominium.
새로운 거주 패러다임 : 초고층 주거.

new businesses may qualify for tax remission.
신규 사업체는 세금 감면을 받을 수도 있다.

new concept for top reinforcement design of decks on steel i-girder bridges.
상부철근이 부분제거된 판형교 바닥판의 개발(최종).

new taskpad view.. creates a new task pad view targeted at this node.
새 작업 창 보기.. 이 노드를 대상으로 하는 새 작업 창 보기를 만듭니다.

new taskpad view.. creates a new taskpad view targeted at this node.
새 작업 창 보기.. 이 노드를 대상으로 하는 새 작업 창 보기를 만듭니다.

machine.
기계.

bad writing is a lifelong disadvantage.
악필은 일생의 손해다.

father prayed for our benison.
신부님은 우리의 축복을 위해 기도했다.

flight ac104 to detroit will depart in 5 minutes.
디트로이트로 가는 ac 104편이 5분 후에 이륙합니다.

gone are the stylized or veiled deaths of old hollywood.
멋을 내거나 베일에 가려진 진부한 헐리우드식 죽음은 사라졌다.

hair with a healthy sheen.
건강하게 윤기가 흐르는 머리카락.

cause there's just an empty space.
아무것도 남지 않았거든요.

plans have been mooted for a 450 , 000-strong ukrainian army.
성명은 우크라이나 의회의 의구심을 진정시키는데 거의 도움이 되지 못했고 , 의회는 군사훈련의 취소를 요구하는 결의안을 통과시켰습니다.

plans have been mooted for a 450 , 000-strong ukrainian army.
빅토르 유쉬첸코 우크라이나 대통령은 이 결의안을 묵살했습니다.

awol.
무단이탈하다.

meet hanna maxwell who was torn between choosing art and economics.
미술과 경제학 사이에서 선택하는 것을 고민하고 있는 hanna maxwell을 만나보자.

girl child ain't safe in a family of mans.
여자아이는 남자들만의 집에서 안전할 수 없죠.

girl scout members are passing the hat.
걸스카우트가 기부금 모으는 중이다.

military affairs were agonizing seriously under orders to kill people.
병사는 사람들을 죽이라는 명령을 받고 심각하게 고민하였다.

prison officers are demanding pay parity with the police force.
교도관들이 경찰관들과 동등한 보수를 요구하고 있다.

jennifer is still hopeful that it might work out.
제니퍼는 여전히 희망을 버리지 않고 있습니다.

sound is only caused by a vibrating object.
소리는 어떤 물체의 진동에 의해서만 발생한다.

sound does not travel in a vacuum.
소리는 진공에서 전달되지 않는다.

soon many cures will be found within dna , the precious building blocks of humans.
곧 많은 치료법들이 인간의 귀중한 기초 요소인 dna 내에서 발견될 것이다 " 라고 말한다.

strange to relate , asteroids will hit the earth.
이상한 이야기지만 , 소행성이 지구와 충돌할 것이다.

place.
장소.

place.
데.

place the oil in a large frying pan and heat on the hob.
기름을 큰 프라이팬에 두르고 요리판을 덥혀라.

place the photo on the mat and glue it to the photo.
사진을 매트 위에 놓고 그것을 사진에 풀로 붙여라.

place to see florida alligators in their natural habitat.
플로리다 야외 성 아우구스틴 악어 농장 동물 공원 - 1893년에 설립된 이 파충류 왕국은 이 나라에서 가장 오래된 동물원들 중 하나이고 사연 서식지에 있 는 플로리다의 악어들의 보기에 가장 좋은 곳입니다.

place on medium heat and add apple brandy and apple jelly.
중간쯤 되는 온도의 장소에서 사과 브랜디와 사과 젤리를 추가해라.

place on serving platter and garnish with avocado slies ; place cherry tomato in center of each avocado slice.
이 음흉한 늙은 악마 같으니라구 ! 당신은 안 지 얼마나 된 거야 ?.

place them in a salad bowl.
그것들을 샐러드 그릇에 놓아라.

place four 9-inch oval au gratin dishes (or one large oval glass lasagna pan) on a baking sheet.
그들은 오페어에게 일주일 동안 아이들을 책임지도록 맡겼다.

place ice cream cone upside down on waxed paper.
방수지에 아이스크림콘을 거꾸로 놓아라.

place apple in tall narrow bowl.
사과를 길고 좁은 그릇에 넣어라.

place commas and periods inside closing quotation marks.
반점이나 마침표는 마침큰따옴표의 안쪽에 쓴다.

place colons and semicolons outside closing quotation marks.
쌍점이나 쌍반점은 마침큰따옴표의 바깥쪽에 쓴다.

white , ice blue and coral pink together promote a cool feeling in hot temperatures , just as gold , burgundy and hunter green exude warmth in winter.
금색이나 포도주색 그리고 연두색이 겨울에 따뜻한 느낌을 뿜어내 주는 것처럼 흰색 , 담청색 그리고 산호색은 모두 더운 날씨에 시원한 느낌을 북돋워줍니 다.

white house national security adviser steve hadley says increasing freedom and democracy and winning the war on terror top the list.
스티브 해들리 백악관 국가 안보 보좌관은 그중에서도 특히 자유와 민주주의를 증진하고 테러와의 전쟁에서 승리하는 것이 최우선 논의사안이 될 것이라고 말했습니다.

white wine can be used for sherry.
화이트 와인은 셰리주로 쓸 수 있다.

missed schooldays each year.
알레르기는 미국에서 가장 흔한 질환 중 하나로 , 이로 인한 근무 손실 일수가 연간 약 350만 일이며 수업 손실 일수는 약 200만 일에 달한다.

dinner is announced in the truly scottish manner ? this is not background music ? and the evening's entertainment commences.
정통 스코틀랜드 식으로 저녁식사 시간을 알리지요. 지금 들리는 음악은 단순한 배경음악이 아닙니다. 이제 저녁 오락시간이 시작되는 것이.

dinner is announced in the truly scottish manner ? this is not background music ? and the evening's entertainment commences.
랍니다.

dinner at marley's restaurant with mr. howard curtis of lewis corporation.
루이스 사의 하워드 커티스 씨와 말리스 레스토랑에서 저녁식사.

dinner with jane was hung on the hedge.
제인과의 저녁식사는 다음으로 미뤄졌다.

quite a mouthful , but there's not much of it on the plate.
꽤 많았지만 , 이제 접시에는 그것이 얼마 남지 않았다.

quite tipsy from his drinking , he was humming a tune.
그는 거나하게 취해 노래를 흥얼거리고 있었다.

myself.
나 자신.

myself.
나.

myself.
저.

unseasonable.
때 아닌.

unseasonable.
계절과 동떨어진.

unseasonable.
시절에 맞지 않는.

few other animals use the spaces bats call home ? like the rafters of barns.
박쥐처럼 헛간의 서까래 같은 곳을 보금자리로 삼는 동물은 많지 않습니다.

few homes anywhere possess the rare combination of panoramic vistas , luxurious amenities , world-class recreational facilities and carefree lifestyle you will find at eider bluffs.
아이더 블러프스에서 볼 수 있는 파노라마 같은 풍경 , 풍부한 즐길 거리 , 세계적 수준의 오락시설 , 그리고 낙천적인 생활 양식이 한데 어우러진 가옥들은 다른 곳에서는 찾아보기 어렵습니다.

few homes anywhere possess the rare combination of panoramic vistas , luxurious amenities , world-class recreational facilities and carefree lifestyle you will find at eider bluffs.
아이더 블러프스에서 볼 수 있는 파노라마 같은 풍경 , 풍부한 즐길 거리 , 세계적 수준의 오락시설 , 그리고 낙천적인 생활 양식이 한데 어우러 진 가옥들은 다른 곳에서는 찾아보기 어렵습니다.

remember , that if thou marry for beauty , thou bindest thyself all thy life for that which perchance will neither last nor please thee one year ; and when thou hast it , it will be to thee of no price at all ; for the desire dieth when it is attained , and the affection perisheth when it is satisfied. (sir walter raleigh).
기억하라. 아름다움에 반해서 결혼하면 , 어쩌면 지속되지도 않고 , 그 기쁨이 1년도 가지 못하는 것에 삶 전체를 옭아매게 된다. 그리고 그것.

remember , that if thou marry for beauty , thou bindest thyself all thy life for that which perchance will neither last nor please thee one year ; and when thou hast it , it will be to thee of no price at all ; for the desire dieth when it is attained , and the affection perisheth when it is satisfied. (sir walter raleigh).
을 손에 넣는 순간 , 당신에게 아무런 가치가 없을 것이다. 열망은 성취했을 때 식어버리고 애정은 충족되면 사그러들기 때문이다. (월터 롤.

remember , that if thou marry for beauty , thou bindest thyself all thy life for that which perchance will neither last nor please thee one year ; and when thou hast it , it will be to thee of no price at all ; for the desire dieth when it is attained , and the affection perisheth when it is satisfied. (sir walter raleigh).
리경 , 남녀명언).

remember you asked me if i really love linda ?.
제가 린다를 진심으로 사랑하느냐고 물으셨던 거 기억해요 ?.

remember that if something contains an active ingredient in non-negligible quantities , it is not homeopathic by definition.
만약 어떤것이 무시할 수 없는 양의 활성적인 재료를 포함하고 있다면 그것을 동종 요법 의학이라고 정의할 수 없음을 기억해라.

change of aik journal submission procedure.
대한건축학회 논문집 논문접수 변경 안내.

enjoy your stay in the duck mountain region this season and good hunting !.
올 시즌 , 더크 마운틴 지역에서 즐거운 시간 보내시고 사냥 잘 하시길 바랍니다 !.

enjoy cozy accommodations in charming country inns.
아름다운 컨트리 인의 아늑한 숙박 시설을 이용해 보세요.

leather goods made from the skin of the northern crocodile are prized in many countries , particularly among the newly rich in eastern europe.
북부 악어 가죽 제품은 여러 나라에서 호평을 받아 왔는데 , 특히 동유럽의 신흥 부유층이 많이 구입한다.

leather hides can be treated in a number of different ways.
가죽은 여러 가지 방법으로 가공될 수 있습니다.

stand up , and put your legs apart at the shoulder width.
일어나서 , 어깨넓이로 다리를 벌리세요.

stand bolt upright when you talk to me.
나에게 말을 할 때는 똑바로 서라.

sitting bull and his people fled to canada.
시팅 불과 부족 사람들은 캐나다로 피신을 했다.

jack the ripper caused such frenzy in london that many people even refused to leave their homes for many days.
jack the ripper는 런던에서 그러한 광란을 야기 시켜서 많은 사람들이 그들의 집을 몇 날 며칠 동안 떠날 수 없도록 했다.

jack and tom are two of a kind. they are both ambitious.
잭은 톰과 비슷한 종류의 사람이다. 둘 다 야심가이다.

jack and savagery society holds everyone together.
잭과 잔혹한 사회는 모든사람을 함께 사로잡았다.

jack gives free rein to his beloved dog.
잭은 그의 사랑스러운 강아지에게 행동의 자유를 주었다.

jack started a smear campaign against tom so that tom would not get the manager's job.
톰이 지배인의 자리를 얻을 수 없게 하려고 잭은 그에 대한 비방 모략을 시작하였다.

although he struck out twice , roberto nadal hit the game-winning homerun.
로베르토 나달은 두 번이나 삼진을 당했음에도 불구하고 홈런을 때려 팀의 승리를 이끌었다.

although the most acute judges of the witches and even the witches themselves , were convinced of the guilt of witchery , the guilt nevertheless was non-existent. it is thus with all guilt. (friedrich nietzsche).
가장 냉철한 마녀 재판관과 마녀 자신조차 마법에 대한 죄를 인정하였다고 해도 그 죄는 실제로 존재하지도 않았다. 모든 죄의 이치가 이와.

although the most acute judges of the witches and even the witches themselves , were convinced of the guilt of witchery , the guilt nevertheless was non-existent. it is thus with all guilt. (friedrich nietzsche).
같다. (프레드리히 니체 , 지혜명언).

although the study is still being conducted , researchers are tracing their methods to ensure results are accurate.
연구는 아직 진행 중이지만 , 연구원들은 결과가 정확하다는 것을 확실히 하는 쪽으로 방향을 잡아가고 있다.

although the national assembly could change its mind , support for the political reform was overwhelming , and his chance of prevailing was very slim in june 1987.
비록 국회가 태도를 바꿀 수 있다 해도 , 정치 개혁에 대한 지지가 압도적이었으며 1987년 6월 그가 승리할 가능성은 매우 희박했다.

although the buildings were functional , the buildings did not have much aesthetic qualities.
그러한 건축물들은 기능적이었지만 미적인 품격은 그다지 갖추고 있지 않았다.

although the passing of a national hero is deeply regretable , it's comforting to know that something good is following.
비록 국가 영웅의 죽음이 아주 후회스럽긴 하지만 , 좋은 무언가가 뒤따른 다는 것을 아는 것은 안심이 된다.

although the summit in pyongyang last october produced a package of south korean-backed business projects on almost all sectors of industry , lee plans a rigid policy toward north demanding more reciprocity from the stalinist state.
지난 10월 평양에서의 정상회담이 거의 모든 산업 부문에서의 한국 지원의 사업 계획을 제공했음에도 불구하고 , 리는 북한에서 더 많은 상호 작용을 요구하며 북한을 향한 엄격한 정책을 계획하고 있습니다.

although this was an inaccurate value , it showed that the estimation of pi was in question from the pre-christ era.
비록 이것이 정확하지 않은 값일지라도 , 그것은 파이값을 추측하는 것이 기원전부터 논의되었음을 보여주었다.

although your skin looks smooth , when magnified it is full of bumps and holes.
당신의 피부는 매끈해 보이지만 , 확대해서 보면 혹과 구멍 투성이이다.

although often ignored , intuition comes to us in three ways : clairvoyance , sensing clearly , and feeling through listening.
종종 무시되지만 , 직관은 세 가지 방법으로 우리에게 나타난다.투시력 , 분명하게 감지하기 , 듣는 것을 통해 느끼기.

although she is argumentative and enjoys talking , the wife is intelligent.
부인은 시비거는걸 좋아하고 수다를 즐기는데도 똑똑하다.

although most of the cast are school-children aged about twelve , cross my heart is not for children.
비록 대부분의 연기자들이 12살정도의 어린 학생이긴 하지만 " cross my heart " 는 어린이를 위한 영화가 아니다.

although they worked well as a team , each performed better separately.
그들은 팀워크도 좋았지만 , 개인 플레이는 더 뛰어났다.

although my music is not that much more different than other artists , you will definitely see my choreography is something different.
제 음악이 다른 음악가들과 그다지 다를 바 없지만 , 여러분은 아마도 제 안무가 무언가 다르다는 것을 확실히 알게 될 겁니다.

although there is no written clause in the constitution that decrees seoul to be the capital of korea , the city has been recognized as the capital city for 600 years , and hence , should be considered to be an unwritten part of the constitution.
비록 헌법 상에 서울을 한국의 수도로 정하는 조항은 없지만 그 도시는 6백 년간 수도로 인식돼 온 만큼 헌법에서 불문헌법으로 간주돼야 한 다.

although we try to introduce modern flavors , our texture , quality , and homemade goodness are what set us apart from ice cream shops.
현대적인 맛을 도입하려고 노력하기는 하지만 , 우리 아이스크림의 감촉 , 품질 , 그리고 집에서 직접 만든 것과 같은 우수한 맛에서 우리는 다른 아이스크림 가게와 구별이 됩니다.

although being in the clutches of torture he did not betray his partner.
고문의 괴로운 상황 속에서도 그는 그의 동업자를 배신하지 않다.

although these jobs may sound nothing short of quirky , they are all valid professions that people do for a living.
이런 직업들이 아주 변덕스럽게 들릴지는 몰라도 , 사람들의 생계를 위한 유효한 직업이랍니다.

although four candidates ran for office , it was universally accepted that only two of them stood any chance of being elected.
4명의 후보가 출마했지만 , 다들 이 중에서 2명만이 선출될 승산이 있다고 생각했다.

although commonly called the peacock , the bird's proper name is peafowl.
보통 피콕이라고 불리지만 , 새의 정확한 명칭은 피파울이에요.

although lisa has visited canada many times , she has never been to vancouver.
리자는 캐나다에 많이 가 봤지만 , 벤쿠버에는 한 번도 간 적이 없다.

that's a big gamble to sign a contract for three years at caesars palace.
시저스 팰리스 호텔과 3년 계약을 맺는다는 건 큰 도박이었죠.

that's a load of bullshit.
지랄하고 자빠졌네.

that's a load of bullshit !.
지랄하고 자빠졌네 !.

that's a bad cough you have there , christine.
저런 기침이 심하군요 , 크리스틴.

that's a darned good idea !.
그거 끝내 주게 좋은 생각이야 !.

that's in addition to checking the prospective customer's credit record and references.
장래 고객의 신용 기록과 신용 조회처를 확인하는 것 외에 해야 할 일이 바로 이것입니다.

that's not the best idea. you'd better rethink that idea.
그건 좋은 생각이 아니예요. 다시 생각해보시는 게 좋겠군요.

that's the plan ? unless anything untoward happens.
그것이 계획이다. 뜻밖의 일이 생기지 않는 한.

that's where she sits during the courtship dance.
그곳에 앉아서 그녀는 구애의 춤을 추는 것을 구경하는 겁니다.

that's what my broker said and i fell for it , hook , line and sinker !.
그 주식 중개인이 그렇게 말했다니까. 그 말을 완전히 믿었지 뭐야 !.

that's how i understood it , too.
나도 그렇게 알고 있어요.

that's great that your boss praised all the overtime you worked.
상사가 야근해가면서 일했다고 칭찬했다니 좋겠어요.

that's why the experts from london zoo have identified the longeared jerboa as being one of the creatures needing the greatest help.
런던 동물원의 전문가들이 가장 도움을 주어야할 생물로 큰귀 날쥐를 꼽은 것은 바로 이런 이유에서이다.

that's why metal work student , heugen hempel returns to dresden only to visit.
그게 바로 금속 공예를 전공하는 호이겐 헴펠씨가 드레스덴에 그저 방문만 하는 이유이기도 합니다.

that's an awful loud voice from such a frail figure.
그렇게 연약한 몸에서 그런 큰 소리가 나다니.

that's right , round-trip between chicago and atlanta for seventy-nine dollars !.
그렇습니다 , 시카고와 애틀랜타 왕복권이 단돈 79달러입니다 !.

that's also a 75 percent premium from peoplesoft's market value before oracle launched its hostile takeover offer back in june of 2003.
이것은 또한 오라클사가 2003년 6월 적대적 인수를 제의하기 전의 시장가에서 75퍼센트나 인상된 금액입니다.

that's because not offering enough money to attract qualified people.
자질 있는 사람들이 매력을 느낄 만큼 충분한 급여를 주지 않기 때문이죠.

that's because the institution is a bedrock of indian society that dates back centuries.
이는 결혼 제도가 수세기 전부터 지속되어 온인도 사회의 기본 관습이기 때문입니다.

that's double what it was in may.
5월보다 배나 늘어난 액수입니다.

that's quite the opposite of what i think.
내 생각하고는 딴판이군.

that's too much of a hassle.
괜히 번거롭잖아요.

that's broadway , where the curtain went up more than 11 , 000 times in the last year.
바로 브로드웨이로 , 작년 한 해만도 무려 1만 1천 회에 달하는 공연이 이루어졌습니다.

that's neat ! i appreciate you help.
잘했구나. 도와줘서 고맙다.

that's right. we are expanding , and need to build a larger facility ; land is just so much cheaper outside the city.
네. 회사가 사업을 확장해서 더 큰 공장을 세워야 하는데 , 시 외곽은 땅값이 훨씬 더 싸잖아요.

that's o.k. can you recommend a good spy-thriller ?.
괜찮아요. 그럼 재미있는 스파이 소설 하나 추천해줄래요 ?.

that's wrong. accroding to hoyle , this is the way do it.
그렇지 않아요. 통상적으로 이렇게 한다고요.

that's terrible. or what a business ! or it's no simple matter.
큰일났구먼.

just do not stick to a side issue.
주변 문제에는 집착하지 마라.

just a wee drop of milk for me.
제 거는 우유를 아주 적게 한 방울만 넣어 주세요.

just like magic , these books are flying off shelves around the world.
그야말로 마법처럼 이 책들은 전 세계로 날개 돋친 듯 팔려 나가고 있습니다.

just before the tipoff , the crowd kept silence.
(농구) 경기가 시작되기 직전 관중은 침묵을 지켰다.

just seeing all the people streaming by makes my head spin.
사람들의 물결을 보는 것만으로 눈앞이 빙빙 돈다.

just let it be the other way round.
그냥 다른 방식으로 해라.

just calling to let you know i will be late for dinner again.
저녁에 또 늦겠다고 알려 주려고 전화했어.

just take her offer as read. it is a profitable business venture.
그녀의 제안을 액면 그대로 받아들여라. 그것은 이익이 되는 투기 사업이다.

just leave it on my desk whenever you are done with it.
다 읽고 나면 내 책상에다 갖다 놔줘.

just call the cab five minutes before you are ready to leave , and that will be enough.
떠나기 5분 전에만 전화하면 충분할 거야.

just try to eat lots of leafy vegetables such as spinach , lettuces , beans and peas.
단지 시금치 , 양상추 , 콩 , 그리고 완두콩과 같은 잎이 많은 채소를 많이 섭취하라.

just last week , a fire started in class because the stove overheated.
저번주에 , 수업중에 불이 났었어요.

just last week , the hysteria reached fever pitch.
지난주 히스테리 증상이 최고조에 달했다.

just as the meeting was winding up , a fistfight broke out.
회의 잔판머리에 가서 주먹 싸움이 벌어졌다.

just as you said. or you said it ! or you are quite right.
말씀대로입니다.

just as brown is unelectable in england , cameron is unelectable in scotland.
영국에 브라운이 적합하지 않은 것처럼 , 카메론은 스코틀랜드에 적합하지 않아.

just write your name , the date and time , the purpose of your trip , and record the beginning and ending mileage.
이름 , 날짜 , 시간 , 외근 목적을 쓰고 , 차를 이용하기 전과 이용한 후의 마일을 기록하면 돼요.

just push the power button and reboot the computer.
그냥 전원 버튼 누르고 재 부팅 해봐.

just pick the mouse up and move it to a more comfortable spot.
마우스를 들어 좀더 편한 위치로 옮기십시오.

just pick up some veggies at the corner store.
길모퉁이 가게에서 야채만 좀 사오면 돼.

just whack your bags in the corner.
네 가방들은 그냥 구석에 던져 놔.

just fasten your seat belt and relax.
안전벨트를 매고 편하게 있어요.

still , on balance , i deem it would be a coup if korea were able to negotiate with america a bilateral free trade pact like the one already achieved between chile and korea.
그러나 어찌 됐든 , 한국이 이미 칠레와 체결한 것과 같은 쌍무자유무역협정을 미국과 체결하게 된다면 그것은 대성공이라고 필자는 생각한다.

still , if i had a daughter , i would want her to be vaccinated.
그래도 만일 내게 딸이 있다면 난 그녀에게 예방 주사를 맞히기 원할 것이다.

still , sporadic cases of cholera occur throughout the world.
여전히 , 콜레라의 산발적 경우들이 세계 전역에 발생한다.

still the horrible shrieking came out of his mouth.
청중들은 폭소를 터뜨리며 소리를 질러 댔다.

still there is much to be resolved.
여전히 풀어야할 문제가 있다.

short.
짧다.

short.
단기의.

short sight is a handicap to an athlete.
근시는 운동선수에게 불리한 조건이다.

cash was a replacement for barter.
돈은 물물교환의 대안이였다.

real time bridge condition monitoring using wireless sensor network.
무선 네트워크를 이용한 실시간 교량 상태 계측.

real and monetary determinants of korea's real exchange rate (written in korean).
우리나라 실질환율의 결정요인.

real name authentification is required to become a member of this internet site.
이 사이트에 가입하시려면 실명 확인이 필요합니다.

awhirl.
화방수.

awhirl.
와상문.

alternative urban improvement program for dilapidated areas.
노후시가지 수복형 정비수법의 도입 필요성과 과제.

wait until i fly to you on a broomstick !.
내가 빗자루를 타고 너에게 날아갈 수 있을 때까지 기다리렴.

even a small but catchy ad will quickly get on top of word by mouth , and drive consumers to the products and services.
작지만 매력 있는 광고는 구전으로 재빨리 전해질 것이고 소비자들이 상품과 서비스를 이용하도록 만들 것입니다.

even a north korean accent can draw unwelcome attention.
심지어 북한의 억양 조차도 거부감을 갖게 할 수 있습니다.

even in this clear mountain air , you can smell the fear of recession.
산악지대의 맑은 공기 속에서도 불황에 대한 공포의 기운이 느껴집니다.

even in reputable restaurants , seafood can become spoiled if stored improperly.
평판이 좋은 레스토랑일지라도 제대로 보관되지 않았다면 해산물이 상할 수 있습니다.

even the photographer did not know her name.
심지어 사진작가는 그녀의 이름을 알지 못했다.

even the huge and efficient american economy had convulsions for a while trying to convert to peacetime production after world war ii.
2차 대전 후 평화 생산 체제로 전환하느라 거대하고도 효율적인 미국 경제마저 한동안 뒤흔들렸다.

even the slightest amount of dioxin can be harmful to the human body.
다이옥신은 미량이라도 인체에 해로울 수 있다.

even when the astronauts sweat , j-ware gets rid of all the smell of sweat !.
우주인들이 땀을 흘려도 j-ware는 땀냄새를 사라지게 해준다.

even there the academy gave its blessing to walker , as the hero's dad.
거기에서마저도 아카데미는 영웅의 아버지 역인 워커에게 그 은총을 내렸다.

even better than your favorite pizza place.
너가 좋아하는 피자집보다 더욱더 괜찮다.

even if i starve to death , i will not steal.
굶어 죽을망정 도둑질은 안 한다.

even if the engine stops , if the aeroplane is allowed to descend in a glide , the air over the wings will generate enough lift to keep it airborne , while the pilot prepares for a landing.
엔진이 멈춘다고 해도 , 만약 항공기가 미끄러지게 된다면 , 조종사가 착륙을 위해 준비할 동안 날개의 공기는 공중에 들어올리기 충분한 상승력을 생산할 것 입니다.

even if every bird feeder in chicago stopped giving handouts , the birds seen in winter would find plenty of food , said kara waters , communications and outreach director at chicago university's lab of ornithology.
" 시카고 시의 새먹이 주는 사람들이 모이 주기를 모두 중단한다 하더라도 , 겨울철에 눈에 띄는 새들은 충분히 먹이를 찾을 수 있을 것입니다. " 라고 시카고대학 조류연구소.

even if every bird feeder in chicago stopped giving handouts , the birds seen in winter would find plenty of food , said kara waters , communications and outreach director at chicago university's lab of ornithology.
의 공보 및 봉사담당 국장인 카라 워터스 씨가 말합니다.

even if we have to pull the ace-xl out , we will have to risk it.
ace-xl을 철수시키는 한이 있더라도 이 정책을 고수해야 합니다.

even though the political tensions between korea and japan must have placed heavy pressure on her shoulders , she showed unruffled calm throughout the entire competition.
한국과 일본 사이의 정치적 긴장감이 그녀에게 큰 부담이 되었음에도 불구하고 그녀는 전체 경기를 통틀어서 고요하고 차분함을 보여주었다.

even though the game ended in a scoreless draw , the team received positive evaluations for its performance.
비록 경기는 0 : 0 동점으로 끝났지만 , 팀은 경기에 대해 긍정적인 평가를 얻었다.

even though our computer system has been quite reliable in keeping track of our inventory , we have decided not to reduce the number of stocktaking days.
비록 우리의 컴퓨터 시스템이 우리의 재고 목록을 계속 확인하는데 믿을 만 하기는 하지만 재고 조사일수를 줄이지 않기로 결정했어요.

even officialdom , which has been untouchable for so long , is experiencing the winds of change and competition.
변화의 무풍지대였던 공직 사회에도 변화와 경쟁의 바람이 불고 있다.

even unripe green tomatoes are delicious when cooked.
익지 않은 녹색토마토조차도 요리하면 맛있다.

around the time of mighty aphrodite , her first wave of swoony cover stories provoked a snarky backlash.
마이티 아프로디테에 출연할 즈음 , 그녀의 커버스토리에 대한 첫 파문은 신랄한 비판으로 이어졌다.

around the thames , you can walk and see the houses of parliament , big ben and westminster abbey.
템즈 강 주변에서 , 여러분은 산책을 하고 , 의사당 건물 , 빅밴 그리고 웨스트민스터 사원등을 볼 수 있다.

cognitive attribution of alley spaces.
골목공간의 인지성향.

depression and austerity are far more preferable.
불경기와 긴축이 훨씬더 선호됩니다.

windows could not detect a dial tone.
발신음이 없습니다.

hurt.
다치다.

hurt.
서운하다.

hurt.
다치게 하다.

feelings of wariness.
경계심.

recently i have gained too much weight in my midsection.
요즘 뱃살이 많이 늘었다.

recently he has begun to show an inclination toward conservatism.
그는 최근에 보수주의적 편향을 보이기 시작했다.

recently , the world's largest consulting company , mercer , studied 215 cities worldwide.
최근에 세계에서 가장 큰 자문회사인 머서 컨설팅(mercer)에서 전세계 215개 도시들을 대상으로 조사했습니다.

recently , the hubble space telescope took a picture of the diamond star.
최근 허블 우주망원경이 그 다이아몬드별의 사진을 촬영했다.

recently , one of the most frequently used new words such as mouse potatoes , googling , supersizeand drama queenswere added to the 2006 update of america's best-selling lexicon , the merriam-webster collegiate dictionary.
최근 " mouse potatoes (컴퓨터 광) ," " googling (인터넷을 검색하다) ," " supersize(아주 푸짐한 식사) ," " drama gueens(지나치게 감성적인 여성) " 같이 빈 번히 사용되는 새로운 단어들이 미국에서 가장 잘 팔리는 사전 , merriam webster collegiate 사전의 2006 최신판에 추가 되었다.

recently , one of the most frequently used new words such as mouse potatoes , googling , supersizeand drama queenswere added to the 2006 update of america's best-selling lexicon , the merriam-webster collegiate dictionary.
최근 " mouse potatoes (컴퓨터 광) ," " googling (인터넷을 검색하다) ," " supersize(아주 푸짐한 식사) ," " drama gueens(지나치게 감성적인 여성) " 같이 빈번히 사용되는 새로운 단어들이 미국에서 가장 잘 팔리는 사전 , merriam webster collegiate 사전의 2006 최신판에 추가 되었 다.

recently , scientists at dalhousie university in halifax found in a five-year study that pleasant events were more difficult to recall than unhappy ones.
최근 , 핼리팩스의 달로시 대학 과학자들은 5년간의 연구에서 유쾌한 일들이 불쾌한 일들보다 더 기억해내기 어렵다는 걸 알아냈답니다.

recently , several states have enacted strict growth-control measures to curb urban sprawl.
최근 몇몇 주에서 도시의 스프롤 현상을 막기 위해 엄격한 성장 제한법을 제정했다.

recently , seoul-based biotech firm rnl bio announced that they have successfully cloned beagle puppies from stem cells grown from fat cells.
최근 , 서울에 위치한 생물 공학 기업 rnl bio(알앤엘 바이오)는 지방 세포에서 자란 줄기 세포로부터 비글 강아지를 성공적으로 복제했다고 발표했습니다.

recently the hike in fees of the commuter transportation suffers citizen.
최근 통근 운송 수단 비용의 상승이 시민들을 힘들게 한다.

surprisingly , however , highways in germany called the autobahn have no speed limits !.
하지만 놀랍게도 독일의 아우토반이라는 고속도로에는 속도 제한이 없답니다 !.

surprisingly all of them were working with a satisfied smile.
놀랍게도 모두가 만족스러운 얼굴로 일을 하고 있었다.

john is really hand in glove with sally.
존은 샐리와 아주 한통속이다.

john is acting as the chairman's deputy.
존은 회장의 대리인 역할을 하고 있다.

john is enraged by their disrespect and pushed them out of the room.
존은 그 사람들이 무례하게 구는 걸 보고 화가 나 방 밖으로 내쫓았다.

john , do you know that computers are nothing but a powerful calculator ?.
존 , 컴퓨터가 단지 강력한 계산기라는 것을아니 ?.

john , who had made a lot of money by living a thrifty life , was known as a rich man.
john은 , 검소하게 살아 돈을 많이 벌었는데 , 부자로 알려졌다.

john , i'd like you to meet this groovy japanese chick.
존 난 너가 이 끝내주는 일본 아가씨를 만났으면 좋겠어.

john was more of a hindrance than a help.
존은 도움이 되기보다는 오히려 방해가 되었다.

john was trying to slink into the house by the back door.
존은 뒷문으로 살금살금 집안에 들어가려고 하는 중이었다.

john was transferred to the main office.
존은 본사로 발령 받았다.

john paul watched the way of the cross procession , which commemorates the crucifixion of jesus , from his apartment at the vatican.
요한 바오로 2세는이 행사를 바티칸에 있는 자신의 아파트에서 지켜봐야 했습니다.

john mccain barely met their rightist criteria.
일본의 극우 단체가 독도 상륙을 시도했다.

john lenon' s " imagine " has become the anthem of peace-lovers all over the world.
존 레넌의 " 이매진 " 은 전 세계의 평화를 사랑하는 사람들의 성가가 되었다.

john tends to shoot from the hip , but he speaks the truth.
존은 앞 뒤 생각 없이 함부로 말해 버리는 경향은 있으나 , 사실대로는 말한다.

john dashed cold water on the whole project by refusing to participate.
존이 참가를 거부하여 계획 전체에 찬물을 끼얹고 말았다.

john wentworth's family has been making furniture since 1947 in monson , maine.
존 웬트워스 씨 가족은 1947년부터 메인 주 몬슨에서 가구 제조업을 해오고 있습니다.

john alters , thirty eight states have death penalty , twelve do not.
존 앨터즈씨 , 서른 여덟 개의 주가 사형제도를 유지하고 있고 열 두 개 주는 사형제도가 없습니다.

salad dressings , bbq sauces , ketchup , chutney - perhaps a soda or two to wash the meal down ?.
샐러드 드레싱 , bbq 소스 , 케첩 , 처트니 - 어쩌면 식사를 깨끗이 씻어낼 한 잔의 또는 두 잔의 탄산음료 ?.

hello , i am calling about the ad in the paper for a used car.
여보세요 , 신문 광고에 난 중고차 때문에 전화했는데요.

hello , i am branford carroll , host of the science channel's sunday documentary.
안녕하십니까 , 사이언스 채널에서 선데이 다큐멘터리를 진행하고 있는 브랜포드 캐롤입니다.

oh do not even tease me like this.
어 , 그런식으로 날 놀리진 말아.

oh , i am so sorry. i misread the price on the eggs.
아 , 죄송합니다. 제가 계란 가격을 잘못 읽었습니다.

oh , no , i was born and raised in ottawa.
아 , 아니요 , 오타와에서 태어나 자랐어요.

oh , no , i couldn't. i am absolutely stuffed as it is. but thanks so much.
아 , 아니에요. 정말 배가 꽉 찼어요. 아무튼 정말 고마워요.

oh , she is mr. lion's daughter , lucy.
오 , 그녀는 mr. lion의 딸 , lucy에요.

oh , my god , henny !.
오 , 세상에 , henny !.

oh , great , thank you. i am looking forward to reading it.
아 , 정말 고마워. 빨리 읽고 싶은걸.

oh , it's wonderful. it's in a much quieter neighborhood and my commute to work is about fifteen minutes shorter.
네 , 좋아요. 동네도 훨씬 더 조용하고 출퇴근 시간도 15분 정도 단축됐어요.

oh , hatch and his mom attack the hunter.
어머나 , hatch와 그의 엄마가 사냥꾼을 공격해요.

oh no ! i broke this beautiful candleholder. it just slipped out of my hands. i am really sorry , can i write you a check ?.
어머나 , 이걸 어째 ! 이 예쁜 촛대를 깨뜨렸으니.손에서 미끌어졌어요. 정말 죄송합니다. 변상해드리겠어요.

oh gosh ! it's a blackout again.
오 이런 ! 다시 정전이 됐군.

figure out how much it will cost.
비용이 얼마인지 계산해 주시오.

figure 1 shows the internal factors affecting market opportunities for utopian foods.
도표 1은 유토피언 푸드 사의 시장 기회에 영향을 미치는 내부 요소들을 보여주고 있습니다.

guess what bob and i did.
밥이랑 제가 뭘 했는지 아세요.

looks like about a 3-foot swell out there.
저쪽은 큰 파도가 3피트 정도 되는 것 같아 보여요.

looks alone would make this pulsar worth owning , but what really sets it apart is its innovative solar power feature.
이 펄서 시계는 보기만 해도 갖고 싶은 마음이 절로 생기는데 , 한층 더 돋보이는 점은 이 시계가 혁신적인 태양열 에너지를 사용하고 있다는 점입니다.

girls will often wear their boyfriend's letterman's sweater , as a teenage boast.
여학생들은 흔히 남자친구의 레터맨 스웨터를 빌려입곤 하는데 , 이는 십대들이 자랑거리로 삼는 일이다.

girls will want to take along lightweight cotton dresses , bathing suits , cover-ups and strapless evening wear.
소녀들은 가벼운 면 드레스 , 수영복 , 겉옷 , 그리고 어깨 끈이 없는 이브닝 드레스를 가지고 가고 싶을 거예요.

speech , according to fossils of the vocal tracts of human ancestors , arose no earlier than 150 , 000 years ago.
인류 조상의 성대화석에 따르면 , 언어는 15만년 전에야 비로소 생겨났다.

problem.
다른 응용 프로그램을 실행 중이므로 작업을 완료할 수 없습니다. 전환을 선택하여 실행 중인 응용 프로그램을 활성화하고 문제를 해결하십시오.

problem.
문제.

game over : kim jong-su has been stripped of his silver and bronze medals after failing a drugs test.
끝났다. 김종수의 은메달과 동메달이 도핑에 걸려 빛이 바랬다.

both a learner's permit and a farm license allow the holder to ride a motorcycle.
실습면허나 농장면허를 소지하고 있으면 오토바이 운전도 가능하다.

both the restaurant and the rooms reflect a refined sense of taste.
그 음식점과 객실 모두 세련된 미각을 반영한다.

both of these minorities can achieve political power.
이런 소수자들이 정치적인 권력을 획득할 수도 있다.

both of them enthusing about a particular script called " a beautiful mind. ".
두 사람 모두 뷰티풀 마인드라는 영화 대본에 대해 무척 열광하고 있더군요.

both of us bring home the bacon.
우리는 맞벌이 부부입니다.

both countries have highly mixed populations , and citizens of diverse ethnic backgrounds.
두 나라 국민 모두 인종이 뒤섞여 있고 , 민족적 배경 또한 다양하기 때문입니다.

both his parents are from scholarly families.
그는 친가와 외가가 모두 학자 집안이다.

both men are lifting the trolley.
두 남자가 수레를 들어올리고 있다.

both workmen are standing above the ground.
두 노동자가 지상에 서있다.

both musically and lyrically it is very effective.
그것은 곡과 가사가 둘 다 아주 인상적이다.

believe it or not , the typical formulas used to create that sizzle in the drinks can irritate the stomach.
믿거나 말거나 , 지글지글 거리는 음료수의 탄산의 전형적인 공식은 위를 자극한다.

believe it or not , there is a breed of dogs called mexican hairless dog in mexico.
믿거나 말거나 , 멕시코에는 멕시컨 헤어리스 독이라고 불리는 종류의 개가 있어요.

industry grew quickly after the discovery of electricity.
전기의 발견 이후 산업이 급속도로 성장했다.

track.
궤도.

track.
철도.

track.
트랙.

court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit ruled tuesday.
district of columbia circuit의 항소법원은 화요일에 판결을 내렸다.

mint is a herb that is well known for the aromatic oil distilled from all parts of the plant.
민트는 식물 전체에서 추출되는 향유로 유명한 약초이다.

daisy.
쑥갓.

daisy.
데이지.

daisy.
마거리트.

though he is over fifty , he is very active and full of vitality.
그는 50세가 넘은 지금도 원기 왕성한 활동을 하고 있다.

though the actress tries hard as a singer to appear sensitive and genuine , her musical career still smacks of dilettantism.
그 여배우가 가수로서 순전하고 감각적으로 보이고자 무척 애쓰지만 그녀의 음악성은 여전히 척하는 느낌만 날 뿐이다.

though she seems happy , yet she is worried.
그녀는 행복하게 보이지만 그래도 걱정이 있다.

though all her co-workers left the company , she remained loyal.
그녀의 동료들이 전부 회사를 떠났지만 , 그녀는 여전히 충직한 직원이었다.

though some are still holdouts for the actual wine in a bottle.
하지만 여전히 병에 든 전통 와인을 고집하는 사람들도 있습니다.

though small in stature , he is quite a daring fellow.
키는 작지만 그는 매우 당돌하다.

though old , he has a youthful spirit.
그는 몸은 늙었어도 마음은 젊다.

guy beat the crap out of him.
남자는 그를 패주었다.

growth in trade is positively correlated with income levels.
무역의 성장은 수입의 정도에도 긍정적인 영향을 준다.

growth of bundang newtown and intensification of its regional centrality.
분당 신도시의 성장과 상권의 변화과정.

chinese make winnie the pooh out of gold !.
중국에서 만든 금으로 된 위니 더 푸 !.

chinese leaders prefer taking pragmatic ways , rather than dogmatic course of marxism.
중국의 지도자들은 마르크스주의의 교조적인 주장보다는 현실적인 방법들을 추구하는 것을 선호한다.

chinese leader jiang zemin has called for tighter controls against pernicious information on internet.
중국의 지도자 장쩌민은 인터넷의 유해한 정보에 대해 강경 대응한 것을 주장했다.

chinese president hu jintao participated the opening ceremony in the chinese city of golmud in northwestern qinghai province.
후진타오 중국 국가주석은 중국 서북부 칭하이 성 거얼무 시에서 1일 열린 개통식에 참석했습니다.

chinese newspapers find some reason to castigate japan for the atrocities its troops committed in china during world war ii.
중국의 신문사들은 일본군이 2차 대전 중에 중국에서 저지른 만행에 대해 비난하기 위한 이유들을 제시한다.

chinese toothpaste because of reports that the products may contain a poisonous chemical called diethylene glycol or deg.
최근 미국 식품 의약국에서는 중국제 치약에 디에틸렌 글리콜이나 deg로 불리는 독성 화학물이 포함됐을 가능성의 보고서를 받고 중국제 치약에 대한 사 용을 경고하고 조사를 확대하였습니다.

chinese snakehead groups are loose-knit and fluid.
중국의 스네이크헤드는 엉성하며 유동적이다.

difficult.
어렵다.

choose the variable compression buffer size you want to use.
사용할 가변 압축 버퍼 크기를 선택하십시오.

choose from model to987 , which features a built-in speakerphone , and model t0371 , which features two-minute video capability , and to908 , which features an mp3 player.
스피커폰이 내장돼 있는 to987 모델에서부터 2분간 동영상 촬영이 가능한 t0371 모델 , 그리고 mp3 플레이어 기능이 있는 to908에 이르기까 지 다양한 모델 중에서 선택할 수 있습니다.

choose curtains that blend in with your decor.
실내 장식과 조화를 이루는 커튼을 골라라.

players wear a jersey , usually long-sleeved , athletic shorts , and cleated shoes.
선수들은 , 종종 긴 소매의 저지와 선수용 반바지를 입고 징 박힌 신발을 신는다.

players complained about the uneven bounce of the tennis court.
선수들은 테니스장의 탄력이 고르지 못하다고 불평했다.

singer.
가수.

singer.
성악가.

singer.
소리꾼.

awe.
황겁.

awe.
감탄.

football fans across the world desire the big party to begin.
전세계의 풋볼 팬들은 이 큰 축제가 빨리 시작되기를 간절히 기다리고 있습니다.

football fans turned up in hordes.
축구팬들이 무리지어 나타났다.

shock or asphyxiation are the most common causes of death.
쇼크 , 질식사는 사망의 주요원인이다.

there's a very strong jet stream across the atlantic at the moment.
아주강한 제트기류가 순간 대서양을 건너갔다.

there's a lot to learn and it's a fast-paced , high-stress environment with a lot of responsibility , but at the same time , it's fun and interesting.
배울 것도 많구요. 일은 분주하고 책임이 무거워서 스트레스를 많이 받지만 , 한편으로는 재미있고 흥미진진해요.

there's a big nessie-type-thing in a canadian lake.
캐나다 호수에 네시와 비슷한 모습의 무언가가 나타났다.

there's a grease spot on my suit !.
내 양복에 기름 얼룩이 묻었어 !.

there's a worrying degree of antagonism towards neighboring states.
이웃 나라들에 대한 적대감이 우려할 수준이다.

there's a general feeling that the president has been too tolerant of corruption.
대통령이 부패에 너무 관대해왔다는 것이 전반적인 분위기이다.

there's a travel agency on 6th and pike that sells disacount tickets. i believe they buy them in bulk.
6번가와 파이크 가가 만나는 곳에 있는 여행사에 할인표를 팔고 있던데요. 그들은 대량으로 표를 구입하나 봐요.

there's a huge bibliography at the end of the paper.
방대한 참고 문헌 목록이 논문 말미에 들어있어요.

there's a common perception that the average worker wastes hours every day just checking e-mail.
일반 근로자들은 매일 이메일 열어보는 데만 수 시간씩 허비하고 있다는 인식이 널리 퍼져 있습니다.

there's a beginning , a climax and an ending.
거기에서부터 클라이맥스와 결말이 시작했다.

there's a scary horror movie that just came in.
지금 막 들어온 무서운 공포 영화가 하나 있어요.

there's a crackdown on driving under the influence (of alcohol) downtown right now.
지금 시내에서 음주 운전 일제 단속이 실시되고 있다.

there's a creeping sense that the country's future is in jeopardy.
국가의 미래가 위험에 처해있다는 오싹한 의견도 있다.

there's not much of a downside to yoga unless you have a major orthopedic problem , said bidwell.
" 여러분이 정형외과적인 문제가 없는 한 요가에는 부정적인 면이 많지 않습니다 ," 비드웰은 말했다.

there's not much legroom in the back seat.
뒷좌석에는 다리를 뻗을 수 있는 공간이 별로 없다.

there's no need to be so unfriendly towards them.
그들에게 그렇게 쌀쌀맞게 굴 필요 없어.

there's no doubt at all that my mother will disapprove of what i am doing.
어머니는 틀림없이 내가 하는 일을 반대하실 것이다.

there's no charge for all services during the warranty period.
보증기간 중의 모든 서비스는 무료입니다.

there's no conceivable conflict of interest.
거기에는 가능할 만한 흥미의 충돌은 없다.

there's over 500 tons of chemical warfare agents stored directly behind me.
제 바로 뒤에 500톤 이상의 화학전을 일으킬 수 있는 매개체가 저장되어 있습니다.

there's never a carefree moment at home.
집안에 근심 걱정이 떠날 날이 없다.

there's some old , smelly stuff in the back of the refrigerator.
냉장고 뒤편에 오래되어 악취를 풍기는 게 있다.

there's many opportunities for the handset manufacturers to try and increase the sales cycle.
휴대폰 제조업체들에게는 판매 주기를 연장하기 위해 시도해 볼만한 기회가 많이 열려 있습니다.

there's been talk of bigfoot , sasquatch.
그동안 설인의 일종인 새스쿼치에 관한 이야기가 있었습니다.

there's nothing more wearisome than waiting.
기다리는 것만큼 지겨운 일도 없다.

there's toothbrush and toothpaste in the bathroom.
목욕탕에 칫솔과 치약이 놓여 있다.

there's nowt wrong with it.
그건 전혀 잘못된 게 없다.

young people have an aptitude to lose to control themselves.
젊은 사람들은 자기 자신을 통제하는 걸 잃기 쉽다.

young people think that it is pointless and useless.
젊은 사람들은 이것이 의미없고 쓸모 없다고 생각한다.

young as he is , he is an able lawyer.
그는 나이는 어릴망정 유능한 변호사다.

young men should not yield up to any temptation.
젊은이는 어떤 유혹에도 져서는 안 된다.

black and yellow is the most conspicuous color combination.
검정색과 노란색은 눈에 가장 잘 띄는 색의 조합이다.

millions of people died in the nazi concentration camps.
나치의 강제 수용소에서 수백만명의 사람들이 죽었다.

millions of gallons of oil had been spilled into the persian gulf.
수만톤 갤런의 원유가 페르시안 만으로 쏟아졌다.

nature.
성격.

nature.
자연.

admirable.
기특하다.

admirable.
감탄할 만한.

admirable.
감복할 만한.

while he was milling around , someone stole his bike.
그가 서성거리는 동안 , 누군가 그의 자전거를 훔쳐갔다.

while a few variations do exist , the most commonly accepted version of the story tells of a newborn baby boy , the thirteenth child of a mrs. leeds , mutating into a devil-like creature just after birth and flying out through the roof.
몇몇 다양한 이야기가 존재하기는 하지만 , 가장 흔하게 받아들여지는 버전은 리드 부인의 13번째 아이인 신생아 소년이 출산 직후 악마 같은 존재로 변하여 지붕을 통해 날아갔다는 것입니다.

while a minor workforce reduction is inevitable , automation is not expected to reduce employment opportunities substantially.
자동화로 인해 소규모 감원은 불가피하겠지만 , 취업 기회를 크게 줄일 것으로 보이지는 않는다.

while a fetus is developing , the ridges along these patterns are influenced by a number of factors , including bone growth , pressures within the womb and contact with amniotic fluid.
태아 발달 과정에서 , 이러한 지문 유형별 융선들은 뼈의 성장이나 자궁내 압력 , 양수와의 접촉 등 매우 다양한 요소들의 영향을 받게 된다.

while the department has continued to shirk responsibility for the situation , patients have been suffering.
그 부서가 상황에 대한 책임을 회피하는 동안 환자들은 고통받고 있다.

while you are out , please pick up the newspaper.
밖에 나가는 김에 , 신문 좀 집어다 주세요.

while you are still a pokemon-neophyte , pikachu is the popular central character of the game and tv series.
당신이 포켓몬 초보자라 해도 , 피카추는 게임과 tv 시리즈의 인기 있는 캐릭터다.

while this may seem like an unimportant detail , we feel reporting the smaller number is negative publicity for our company.
어떻게 보면 아주 사소한 일 같지만 , 실제보다 더 적은 수치가 보도되면 저희 회사의 대외적인 평판이 부정적으로 비치지 않을까 우려됩니다.

while this audio system looks great its sonic performance did not really hit the spot.
오디오는 외양은 그럴듯하지만 소리는 시원치 않았습니다.

while your strain or sprain heals , take good care of your injury by resting the injured part of your body.
접질리거나 삔 것이 회복되는 동안 , 부상당한 신체부위를 잘 쉬게 함으로써 부상 당한 곳을 잘 돌보세요.

while some children complain of a feeling of cultural dislocation , others are delighted with their new homes and dual identity.
몇몇 어린이들이 문화적 이탈감에 대해서 불평을 하지만 , 다른 어린이들은 자신들의 새 가정과 이중 정체성에 대해서 기쁘게 여깁니다.

while drunk , he got into a scuffle with a passerby.
그는 취중에 행인과 시비가 붙었다.

while repeatedly shouting 'hello' , he pulled the paper along underneath the needle.
반복적으로 '안녕'을 외치면서 , 그는 그 종이를 바늘 밑으로 당겼다.

while asian productions , including martial arts scenes , are gaining fans , hollywood has also jumped on the bandwagon.
아시아 영화들이 무술 장면들로 팬들의 호응을 얻자 할리우드 또한 이런 흐름에 편승하고 있습니다.

while attending school , she pierced her nose , wore a safety pin in her cheek and began wearing combat boots and 1950s party dresses shoplifted from thrift stores.
학창시절 , 그녀는 코를 뚫고 , 볼에 안전핀을 달고 , 중고품 할인점에서 훔친 군화에 1950년대 파티복을 입고 돌아다녔다.

while cultures such as the united states and canada are low context cultures , the cultures of japan and saudi arabia are high-context ones.
미국과 캐나다의 문화가 하위 컨텍스트라면 일본과 사우디아라비아의 문화는 상위 컨텍스트 문화이다.

while marching down the street , the protesters encountered opposition.
시가행진을 하는 도중에 그 시위대는 반대에 부딪쳤다.

while kia wants to be the sporty brand , hyundai wants to be the upscale one.
스포티 브랜드를 추구하는 기아 자동차에 비해 , 현대 자동차는 고급 승용차 시장 진입을 모색하고 있습니다.

while snooping around the boat , jason discovers freezer full of dead bodies.
보트를 염탐하는 동안 제이슨은 냉장고가 시체들로 가득찼다는 것을 발견한다.

grandmother pardons us when we misbehave.
우리가 버릇없이 굴 때 할머니는 우리를 용서해 주신다.

high above new york city in the empire state building , people are napping like peas in eight pods.
뉴욕 시 위쪽 높은 곳 , 엠파이어스테이트 빌딩에서 사람들이 완두콩처럼 콩깍지 모양의 포드 여덟 개에서 낮잠을 자고 있습니다.

high school students in korea have to study under the great duress , otherwise teachers would point them out as some kind of failure.
한국의 고등학생들은 커다란 강압 아래에서 공부해야만 하는데 그렇지 않으면 교사들이 그들을 낙오자와 비슷하게 지적하기 때문이다.

high fever put her in a semiconscious condition.
그녀는 고열로 정신이 혼미해졌다.

high turnover is a huge pressure on schools.
높은 전학율은 학교들에게 매우 큰 부담이다.

mist.
안개.

mist.
박무.

mist.
안개에 덮이다.

food is a tenacious work of journalism.
음식은 저널리즘의 고집스러운 작업이다.

food in london is a rip-off.
런던에 있는 음식은 정말 바가지야.

food for thought - today's three tier wedding cake is based on the unusual shape of the spire of saint bride's church in london.
배려를 위한 음식 - 오늘날 3단 케이크는 런던에 있는 saint bride's church 뾰족탑의 보기 드문 모습에 근거한다.

skin cell donors ranging in age from two to 56.
샤튼 교수는 한국의 과학자들은 기증된 18개의 난자를 이용했고 , 2살부터 56살 사이까지 질병이 있는 11명의 남자와 여자로부터 피부 세포를 기증받아 배 양한 배아로부터 줄기 세포를 추출했다고 설명했습니다.

hay.
건초.

hay.
지푸라기.

hay.
말꼴.

someone i know has severe armpit odor.
내가 아는 누군가는 심한 암내가 나.

someone is going to give her a dose of her own medicine.
그녀도 누군가에게 똑같은 취급을 받을 것이다.

someone is tailing me. quick ! let's duck into this alley !.
누군가 저를 미행하고 있어요. 어서 이 골목으로 숨어요.

someone should try and decode the labour manifesto.
누군가는 노동선언문을 이해하려고 노력해야 한다.

someone had forged her signature on the cheque.
누군가가 그 수표에 그녀의 서명을 위조했었다.

airport transfers and accommodations are handled by mr. swenson.
공항에서부터 교통편과 숙박은 스웬슨씨가 담당한다.

along the way , a hard-nosed senior executive told me.
그러던 중에 어떤 콧대 높은 고위 간부는 제게 이런 말을 했습니다.

throw in a couple of free concert tickets.
무료 콘서트 티켓 2장만 줘.

shame.
수치심.

shame.
망신.

shame is a word that has no place in his vocabulary.
그는 염치라는 말조차 모르는 사람이다.

melted metal is poured into a mold to harden into shape.
녹은 금속은 굳어 형체를 이루도록 일정한 틀에 붓는다.

clothes are piled in the metal basket.
옷들이 철제 바구니에 쌓여 있다.

clothes of this style are timeless classics.
이런 스타일의 옷은 유행을 타지 않는다.

eastern art was similar to western medieval art.
동양의 예술은 서양의 중세 예술과 비슷했다.

blood.
피.

blood.
혈통.

blood.
혈액.

blood in the sputum.
가래에 섞여 있는 피.

blood was dripping from the side of his swollen lip.
그의 부어 오른 입가에서는 피가 흐르고 있었다.

blood comes through the aorta and is then circulated throughout the body.
피는 대동맥에서부터 전신을 통해 흐른다.

blood began to coagulate around the edges of the wound.
상처 가장자리 주변으로 피가 엉기기 시작했다.

blood flows from the aorta throughout the body.
피는 대동맥을 통해 전신으로 흐른다.

foot and mouth is a horrendous disease.
구제역(수족구병)은 끔찍한 질병이다.

poor show ! can not you do it nicely ?.
형편없다 ! 잘 좀 할 수 없니 ?.

poor charlie dreams of a golden thumb.
가난한 찰리는 돈이 열리는 나무를 꿈꾼다.

poor lighting cause eyestrain and eye injuries.
침침한 조명은 눈의 피로와 피해를 초래한다.

poor polly ! she is crying and crying.
가엾은 polly ! polly는 울고 또 울어요.

poor bugger ! his wife left him last week.
불쌍한 녀석 ! 지난주에 아내가 떠나 버렸대.

committee.
위원회.

further west on i-40 , grants is another old route 66 town where a few old motels and curio shops still remain.
i-40번 도로에서 더 서쪽으로 가면 , 그랜트라는 66번 국토의 또 다른 도시가 있는데 , 이곳에는 몇몇의 오래된 모텔과 골동품 가게들이 아직도 남아있어요.

further upheaval is , in our view , undesirable.
우리의 입장에서 격변의 확산은 바람직하지 못하다.

climate.
풍토.

climate.
기후.

climate.
환경.

climate test using large-scale environmental chamber.
대형 환경 챔버 이용기술.

climate models , which accurately predicted year-to-year climate fluctuations , show that changes in the sun's brightness could not account for all of the observed warming.
연간 기후 변동 상황을 정확히 예측했던 기후 프로그램은 태양 광도의 변화만을 가지고는 지금까지 나타난 온난화 현상을 모두 설명할 수 없다는 것으로 드 러났다.

british leaders have laid out the government's priorities for the next parliamentary session at the traditional queen's speech.
여왕의 전통적인 의회 시정 연설을 통해 영국 지도자들은 차기 의회 회기에 우선적으로 제출할 정부 법안을 제시했습니다.

clearly , the public consultation process was to be cosmetic.
확실히 , 공개 상담 과정은 겉치례에 불과하다.

clearly people are keen to try out something slightly more sophisticated.
분명히 사람들은 약간 더 세련된 것을 시도하는 것을 좋아한다.

link to system information that you or a support professional might need to troubleshoot a problem or assess your computer's health.
사용자 또는 지원 전문가가 문제를 해결하거나 컴퓨터 상태를 결정하는 데 도움이 되는 시스템 정보에 연결합니다.

important practical reasons as well.
초기 남성들이 허영심 때문에 면도를 하게 되었을지도 모르지만(그들은 몸에 그림을 그리거나 문신을 새기기도 했다.) , 실질적인 중요한 이.

important practical reasons as well.
유들도 있었다.

important andean cities huaraz and cusco , peru - while huaraz is south america's mountaineering and overall adventure capital , cusco is the continent's tourist capital thanks to its access to nearby machu picchu and a wide array of hiking , rafting , and adventure activities.
중요한 안데스 산맥의 도시들 페루의 후아라쯔와 쿠스코 - 후아라즈는 남미의 등산과 모험을 위한 도시인 반면 , 쿠스코는 근처에 있는 마츄피츄에 쉽게 갈 수 있고 각양각색의 하이킹 , 레프팅 , 모험 활동 때문에 이 대륙 관광의 중심지예요.

increased demand for light crude oil has caused prices to soar.
경유용 원유의 수요 증가로 가격이 폭등했다.

increased demand for petroleum products has caused prices to soar.
석유 제품의 수요 증가로 가격이 폭등했다.

tickets must be purchased at the ticket window before boarding.
열차표는 탑승 전에 매표소에서 구입하셔야 합니다.

association for computer aided design in architecture : acadia.
건축 cad 학회.

association football is called different names.
축구는 여러 가지 이름으로 불린다.

slavery was really very harsh in the 1700's.
1700년대 노예들은 매우 가혹한 처우를 받았다.

particularly because we live in a highly fluid and pliable economy.
특히 , 우리가 고도로 가변적이고 유연한 경제 체제 속에서 살고 있기 때문이다.

particularly threatened by suggestions of a wildlife cull are deer , grey squirrels and hedgehogs.
야생동물 도태 제안에 특히 위협을 받는 것은 사슴 , 회색 다람쥐 , 고슴도치입니다.

sudan.
수단.

atrocities such as honor killings , genital mutilation , forced marriage , punishment of rape victims , denial of women to an education , and confining women to their homes cross religious and cultural boundaries.
명예 살인 , 할례 , 강제 결혼 , 성폭행 피해자들에 대한 처벌 , 여성의 교육에 대한 거부 그리고 여성을 집에 제한하는 것 같은 잔혹한 행위는 종 교적이고 문화적인 한계를 넘고 있습니다.

safety of refrigerants gas in refrigeration and air-conditioning system.
냉동공조설비의 냉매가스 ( 고압가스 ) 의 안전.

apartment building is flourishing along with a boom in the construction business.
건설 경기를 타고 아파트 건축 붐이 일다.

basically.
근본적으로.

basically.
기본적으로.

basically.
기본적으로 운동을 싫어해요..

too much heat dehydrates the body.
열이 많이 나면 탈수가 진행된다.

too much cholesterol can block the blood vessels and cause a heart attack.
콜레스테롤 수치가 높으면 혈관이 막혀서 심장 마비가 생길 수도 있다.

official results are expected later monday.
월요일 오후 공식 집계가 발표될 예정입니다.

latest news for harry potter and the deathly hallows :.
해리포터와 죽음의 성물에 관한 가장 최근의 뉴스.

mission controllers at the european space agency say its space probe , " venus express " has begun orbiting the planet venus.
유럽 항공우주국은 유럽의 금성 탐사우주선 " 비너스 익스프레스 " 가 금성 궤도를 선회하기 시작했다고 밝혔습니다.

bring to a boil , cover and then simmer for about20 inutes (or until the fruit is plump and tender).
그녀는 여위지 않아. 오히려 통통한 편이야.

bring me a medium hawaiian pizza , please.
중간 크기의 하와이언 피자 하나 주세요.

bring all the players you can muster.
불러모을 수 있는 선수는 모조리 데려와라.

bring us a plate of dried pollack.
여기 노가리 한 접시 주세요.

bring broth and water to a simmer in saucepan.
육수와 물을 우묵한 냄비에 넣고 뭉근히 끓인다.

support of gsm mobile number portability (mnp) sage2.
imt2000 3gpp - gsm 이동번호 이식성(mnp) 지원-2단계.

status.
위상.

status.
지위.

status.
신분.

inhabitants of the flooded district were brought to a safe area.
홍수 지역 주민들은 안전한 지대로 대피되었다.

software will not run , regardless of the access rights of the user.
사용자의 액세스 권한에 관계 없이 소프트웨어가 실행되지 않습니다.

software solutions must fit the company's strategic objectives.
소프트웨어 솔루션은 회사의 전략적인 목적에 부합해야 한다.

managed thus , the item will be accepted.
이같이 하면 , 그도 받아들여질 것이다.

company's recent performance.
더블린에서 열린 제이 오르테크 사의 연례 총회에서 , 경영진들은 최근의 회사 운영실적에 불만을 품은 주주들로부터 호된 심문을 받았다.

slow.
둔하다.

slow.
느리다.

slow.
모자라다.

alcoholism and drugs will make you lead a fast life.
알코올 중독과 마약은 당신이 방탕한 생활을 하도록 할 것입니다.

south korea is in aid of north korea.
남한은 북한을 원조한다.

south korea came into antagonism with japan.
한국은 일본과 적대하게 됐다.

south korea has transformed itself into one of the world's most wired nations.
한국은 세계에서 인터넷 보급률이 가장 높은 나라 중 하나가 되었습니다.

south korea began issuing electronic passports to citizens last month to help get the u.s. visa waiver status.
한국은 지난달 미국 비자 면제 지위를 얻는 것을 돕기 위해 시민들에게 전자 여권을 발급하기 시작했습니다.

south korea aims to show that its goof in 1998 france worldcup was an aberration.
한국팀은 1998년 프랑스 월드컵에서의 바보 같은 플레이가 이상현상이었다는 사실을 보여줄 생각이다.

south korea's economy is ailing , beset by high interest rates and stubborn inflation.
한국 경제는 높은 금리와 지속적인 인플레이션으로 인해 병들어 있다.

south korea's national soccer youth team won the 2005 final of the qatar international youth soccer tournament 2005.
한국 청소년 축구 대표팀은 2005년 카타르 8개국 초청 청소년 대회에서 우승을 차지했다.

south korean leaders , however , face pockets of strong domestic pressure to protect certain industries.
하지만 , 한국 지도자들은 특정 산업들을 보호하라는 국내의 거센 압력들에 직면하고 있습니다.

south korean military engineers began building a fence around the disputed area and plan to demolish the school building , in hopes of preventing further clashes.
한국군 공병대는 앞으로 충돌을 막기 위해 이 분쟁지역에 철조망을 설치하기 시작했으며 , 학교 건물을 철거할 계획입니다.

south korean authorities have indicted five members of hwang woo-suk's research team for various offenses related to the case.
한국 검찰은 또한 황 박사 연구팀의 5명의 연구원들에 대해서도 이에 관련된 혐의로 불구속 기소했습니다.

south africa is a parliamentary republic.
남아프리카 공화국은 의원 내각제 국가이다.

south africa is , i think , the poster child for nuclear renunciation.
제가 생각하기에 남아프리카는 대표적인 핵 포기 국가입니다.

korea's minister for finance and the economy , lee hun-jai , tried to reassure the country's business community.
한국 재정 경제부 이헌재 장관은 한국의 기업들을 안심시키려고 노력했다.

financial impact of construction firms' business diversification.
건설사의 사업다각화를 위한 유료노인주거시설 투자효과 분석.

danger does not lurk around every corner.
위험이 모든 곳에 숨어있지는 않다.

danger by being despised grow great.
위험은 얕잡아 보면 더 커진다.

possibility.
가능성.

possibility as architectural philosophy of leibniz's monadology viewed through the concept of becoming of post-structuralism.
후기구조주의의 생성의 관점을 통해 본 라이프니츠 모나드론의 건축 철학으로서의 가능성.

developing the system of predicting pro-baseball game and on-lien simulation game using machine learning and simulation.
기계학습 및 시뮬레이션을 이용한 프로야구 경기 예측 및 on-line 시뮬레이션 게임 시스템 개발.

developing an assessment model for major cost-increasing factors in skyscraper construction using fmea.
fmea 기법을 이용한 초고층 건축시공의 원가 증가요인 평가모델의 개발 방법론 연구.

model of moment-rotation curves for semi-rigid connections.
반강 접합부에 대한 모멘트-회전각 모델.

model based fault detection and diagnosis for cooling tower.
모델을 이용한 냉각탑의 고장검출 및 진단.

environments and developmental suggestions for structural designer in the field.
실무에서의 구조설계 현황과 발전 방향.

cap.
뚜껑.

cap.
모자.

cap.
손을 흔들어 택시를 세우다.

academy award winners , tom hanks , catherine zeta-jones , and steven spielberg team up for the fact-based drama , the terminal.
아카데미상 수상자인 톰 행크스 , 캐서린 제타 존스 , 그리고 스티븐 스필버그가 실화에 바탕을 둔 영화 터미널 제작을 위해 한 팀이 되었습니 다.

honor days of its history. parties agreed was the way to move forward on this.aith.the economy in 2002 and 2003.
난민들은 수단에서 온 잔자위드 민병대들에 의해 공격이 자행되고 있습니다.

education is every child's birthright.
교육은 모든 아이들의 타고난 권리이다.

mayor.
시장.

surely this is what the watchdog should be doing on her behalf.
확실하게 이것이 감시인이 그녀대신에 해야만 하는 것이다.

surely if you bring him presents , he will notice you.
그에게 선물들을 안겨 주면 확실히 그는 당신에게 관심을 기울일 것이다.

(a) fragmentary knowledge.
단편적인 지식.

national sovereignty : russia is a robust defender of the principle of national sovereignty.
국가 주권 : 러시아는 국가 주권의 원칙의 강력한 옹호자이다.

national galleries in washington are maintained at public expense.
워싱턴에 있는 국립 미술관들은 공적 경비로 유지된다.

national welfare is the object of politics.
국민의 복지가 정치의 목적이다.

warm weather is a harbinger of spring.
따뜻한 날씨는 봄이 오고 있다는 전조이다.

welcome to this rare performance by the internationally-renowned classical dance troupe , the koreana.
세계적으로 유명한 고전 무용단 코리아나의 보기드문 공연에 오신 것을 환영합니다.

welcome to another episode of this old townhouse , the show that shows you how to make the most of your older apartment.
" 디스 올드 타운하우스 " 의 새로운 이야기로 여러분을 초대합니다. 이 프로그램은 당신의 낡은 아파트를 어떻게 최대한 활용할 수 있는지를.

welcome to another episode of this old townhouse , the show that shows you how to make the most of your older apartment.
보여드립니다.

welcome to cnn travel now and the caribbean island of jamaica.
안녕하세요 , 캐롤린 오닐입니다. cnn travel now가 안내해 드리는 지중해의 섬나라 자메이카에 오신 걸 환영합니다.

match.
매치.

match.
성냥.

match.
짝을 맞추다.

interest in soy has led to many more food and health products that contain it.
콩에 대한 관심이 높아지자 콩이 들어간 음식과 건강 식품이 많이 나오고 있다.

interest rates could now be lower if the government had not botched up matters.
정부가 그 문제를 망치지 않았다면 현재의 금리는 더 낮을 것이다.

interest accrues to my savings account monthly.
내 저축예금에 대한 이자가 매달 붙는다.

mother had his guts for garters.
어머니는 그를 혼내주었다.

mother teresa was born on august 27 , 1910 in yugoslavia.
마더 테레사는 1910년 8월 27일 유고슬라비아에서 태어났어요.

hearing nothing does not necessarily mean bad news.
무소식이 희소식입니다.

nation.
국민.

ringing.
청아하다.

ringing.
청아한 목소리.

ringing.
달랑달랑.

light activity can hasten the healing process.
가벼운 운동은 치유과정을 앞당겨 줄 수 있다.

light levels and nutrient availability will influence the plankton , that will affect the fish , and their density will be important for the larger marine predators.
빛의 수준과 영양학 적 유용성은 플랑크톤에 영향을 줄 것이고 , 그것은 물고기에게 영향을 주며 , 그들의 운명은 더 커다란 해양 포식자에게 중요하게 될 것입니다.

light factor performance of a room with light guide and blind systems by mockup experiments.
혼합형 채광조절장치가 실내공간의 주광조도분포에 미치는 영향에 관한 mockup 실험평가.

health authorities are trying to downplay concerns raised over the contaminated kimchi , stressing that serious health problems associated with parasite eggs would be minimal since the eggs discovered were all in its pre-larval stages.
보건당국은 모두 유충이전의 알로 발견된 기생충 알은 인체에 심각한 영향을 주지 않을 것이라 강조하면서 오염된 김치에 대한 높아진 우려를 낮추고자 노 력 중이다.

health authorities are trying to downplay concerns raised over the contaminated kimchi , stressing that serious health problems associated with parasite eggs would be minimal since the eggs discovered were all in its pre-larval stages.
보건당국은 모두 유충이전의 알로 발견된 기생충 알은 인체에 심각한 영향을 주지 않을 것이라 강조하면서 오염된 김치에 대한 높아진 우려 를 낮추고자 노력 중이다.

apply mixture to your face and leave on 15 mins.
혼합물을 당신의 얼굴에 바른 후 그 상태를 15분간 유지하십시요.

catch points.
기차가 탈선하다.

willed.
의지가 약한.

willed.
박력이 없다.

willed.
악의에 찬 낭설.

unlike the male o , women's climax does not appear to be necessary for reproduction.
남성의 오르가즘과는 달리 , 여성의 성적절정은 자손번식을 위해 필수적이지는 않은 것으로 나타난다.

unlike most plants , cottonseed is high in protein and could potentially feed millions.
대부분의 식물과는 달리 , 목화씨는 단백질이 많아서 잠재적으로 수백 만 명을 먹여 살릴 수 있다.

unlike other treatments , the nano-tex products attach " whisker ," or small polymer hairs , to each fiber of a fabric.
다른 가공법들과 달리 , 나노텍스의 제품들은 직물의 섬유질 하나하나에 " 수염 " 이라 불리는 작은 폴리머 털을 붙인다.

unlike other comic book superheroes , he is no muscleman and has no special powers.
다른 만화책에 등장하는 수퍼 히어로들과는 달리 , 그는 근육맨도 아니고 , 어떤 특별한 힘을 가지고 있는 것도 아니에요.

unlike more malicious versions , the new virus did not destroy data stored in computers.
더 고약한 형태의 것들과는 달리 새로운 바이러스는 컴퓨터에 저장된 자료를 파괴하지는 않았다.

unlike some korean artists who are poor imitations of american mcs , joo suc is a rapper made solely in korea.
미국 랩퍼들을 어줍잖게 모방하고 있는 일부 한국 힙합 가수들과 달리 , 주석은 한국 토종 랩퍼이다.

unlike its chief rivals , tdc has been unwilling to license its operating system software to third-party computer hardware manufacturers.
주요 경쟁사들과는 달리 tdc 사는 제3의 컴퓨터 하드웨어 제조업체에게 운영체제 소프트웨어의 라이센스를 주려고 하지 않는다.

unlike normal horses , sunny has no melanin , so he has no pigmentation to protect him from the sun.
다른 보통 말들과 달리 써니에게는 멜라닌 색소가 없어서 태양으로부터 피부를 보호하지 못해요.

unlike arctic ice found in the water , landlocked ice could significantly raise sea levels all over the world by introducing more water into the ecosystem.
해수에서 발견되는 북극 얼음과는 달리 육지를 둘러싸고 있는 얼음은 생태계에 더 많은 물을 끌어들이면서 전 세계의 모든 해수면을 심각하 게 상승시킬 수 있다.

unlike kaeng kracham near cha'am which is a lush green forest , sam roi yot is a coastal park of high , thinly vegetated mountains that overlook a number of marshy islands which support a great variety of birdlife.
무성한 푸른 숲인 차암 근처에 있는 캥크라참과 달리 , 삼로이욧은 다양한 조류가 서식하는 많은 늪지대 섬을 내려다 볼 수 있는 높고 드문드 문 식물이 자라는 산으로 이뤄진 해양 공원이에요.

words are the physicians of the mind diseased. (aeschylus).
글은 병든 마음을 고치는 의사다. (아이스킬로스 , 언어명언).

insomnia is difficulty getting to sleep or difficulty staying asleep to the point that it causes some kind of daytime impairment.
불면증이란 잠에 들지 못하거나 수면 상태를 유지하지 못하는 증세로 낮 활동에 지장을 주기까지 합니다.

mosquitoes can also carry diseases such as malaria and dengue fever.
모기는 말라리아와 댕기열과 같은 병을 옮길 수도 있어요.

road.
도로.

road.
노면.

road.
길바닥.

road construction has been left unfinished.
도로 공사가 미완성인 채 방치되어 있다.

return the meat to the roaster.
고기를 로스터에 다시 구워라.

return flights should be reconfirmed at least 72 hours in advance of departure.
돌아오는 비행기편 예약은 최소한 출발 72시간 전에 재확인해야 한다.

convenience.
편의.

convenience.
편익.

convenience.
이기.

buying a new house is not an option this year.
올 해에 새 집을 사는 것은 불가능하다.

us general douglas macarthur was a war criminal because his actions caused korea's civil war to last for three years.
미국 douglas macarthur 장군은 전범이었습니다. 왜냐하면 그의 행동이 한국 내전을 3년 동안 지속시키도록 했기 때문입니다.

us submarines are designed and operated differently.
미국 잠수함들은 상이하게 설계되고 운용된다.

chance brought us into mutual acquaintance.
우리는 우연히 서로 알게 되었다.

free vibration test on hollow core slabs with elliptical balls.
타원구를 사용한 중공형 슬래브의 진동실험.

employee turnover is highest in the houston office , averaging eighteen percent a year.
사원의 이직율은 휴스턴 지사가 연 평균 18퍼센트로 최고를 기록하고 있다.

olympic it is the zenith of all sporting events.
올림픽은 모든 스포츠 이벤트의 정점이다.

goods were damaged extremely under rough usage.
물건들은 난폭하게 다루어져 심하게 손상되었다.

finally he gathers the courage to extend a shaky hand.
마침내 , 그는 그의 떨리손을 뻗을 용기를 낸다.

finally , do not let your baby use your breast as a pacifier.
나는 남성은 전사고 여성은 화해자라는 오래된 견해를 믿지 않는다.

finally , you will need to buy a drop-dead outfit.
마지막으로 눈길을 끌만한 의상을 구입하는 거지.

finally , they will announce that they were its progenitors.
마침내 , 그들은 그들이 조상이라는 것을 공포할 것이다.

finally , have your hearing tested periodically.
마지막으로 정기적으로 청력 검사를 받으세요.

finally , bob and bert finish their seesaw.
마침내 , bob과 bert는 그들의 시소를 완성해요.

finally , japanese troop disengaged.
마침내 일본 군대는 전투를 중지했다.

finally , squeeze and release the muscles down each leg , from the thighs to the calves to the feet.
마지막으로 각 다리의 넙적다리부터 종아리와 발까지의 근육에 힘을 주었다 뺀다.

finally in 1987 , they have refound the right to broadcast under the respective name la cinq and m6.
드디어 1987에 그들은 각자 la cinq와 m6 이라는 이름하에 방송할 권리를 되찾았다.

general manager plans to convene his employees to review security procedures.
총감독은 보안 절차를 재조사하기 위해 직원들을 소집할 계획입니다.

general george casey noted after meeting with u.s. defense secretary donald rumsfeld.
조지 케이시 장군은 도날드 럼스펠드 미국 국방장관과 회담을 마친 뒤 그같이 말했습니다.

general hayden is expected to appear before the senate intelligence committee later this month , before the current director of the central intelligence agency (former congressman porter goss) leaves his post (on may 26th).
헤이든 장군은 포터 고스 현 중앙정보국장이 이임하는 오는 5월 26일 이전에 상원 정보위에 출석할 예정입니다.

baseball is a very interesting sports.
야구는 아주 흥미 있는 스포츠다.

baseball is 90% mental , the other portion is physical. (yogi berra).
야구는 90%가 정신력이다. 나머지는 신체적인 것이다. (요기 베라 , 스포츠명언).

aw , do not be scared.
오 , 겁내지 마.

aw , come on , andy !.
에이 어서 해 , 앤디야 !.

lighten.
덜다.

lighten.
짐을 가볍게 하다.

lighten up and be a little adventurous.
기분을 풀고 , 모험심을 좀 가져 봐.

written in his usual deathless prose.
그가 으레 말하는 불후의 산문으로 쓰인.

professor richard wiseman of the university of hertfordshire also started investigating the picture a month ago.
하트퍼트셔 대학의 리차드 와이즈맨 교수는 한 달 전에 그 사진을 검사하기 시작했다.

professor morley is a well-known luminary in the field of cancer research.
몰리 교수는 암 연구 분야에서 잘 알려진 명사이다.

dad , what time were you and mom a sleep ?.
아빠 , 엄마랑 몇 시에 주무셨어요 ?.

dad had no clue as to why i showed up there all dressed up.
아버지는 내가 왜 멋지게 차려 입고 나타났는지 어리둥절해 하시더라구.

dad used to tell us stories that would be thrown into convulsions.
아빠는 우리들이 자지러지게 웃게 하는 이야기들을 하곤 했다.

dad soaked his face in despair.
절망해서 아빠는 술을 벌컥벌컥 마셨다.

andy is hovering just outside the top 10.
앤디는 10위권 밖에서 맴돌고 있다.

steely.
강철 같은[의].

determination of the design earthquake ground motion records in considering of the seismic hazard.
지진위험도를 고려한 설계지진기록 선정.

determination of the accurate effective length for buckling design of cable-supported bridges.
케이블지지교량의 좌굴설계를 위한 유효좌굴길이 산정.

determination of the optimized driving force and end time of driving for pile construction.
말뚝의 최적 타격력 및 항타종료시기 결정에 관한 연구.

smiling.
웃으며.

smiling.
뱅그레.

smiling.
발쪽하다.

einstein believed it was easier to split the atom than to change popular prejudices about wine.
아인슈타인은 원자를 나누는 것이 일반적인 와인에 대한 편견을 바꾸는 것보다 쉽다고 믿었다.

einstein went on to become one of the world's best known physicists , and his theory of relativity profoundly affected modern science.
이 논문으로 아인슈타인은 세계적인 물리학자 가운데 한 사람이 되었고 , 그의 상대성 이론은 현대 과학에 지대한 영향을 끼쳤습니다.

four of the five actresses up for best actress in a comedy are near 40 or older , including diane keaton , 58 , who starred in " something's have got to give "; jamie lee curtis , 45 , in " freaky friday "; and helen mirren , 58 , in " calendar girls. ".
코미디 부문 여우주연상 후보에 오른 다섯 여배우 중 네 명의 나이가 마흔에 가깝거나 그 보다 많은 것이다. 사랑할 때 버려야 할 아까운 것.

four of the five actresses up for best actress in a comedy are near 40 or older , including diane keaton , 58 , who starred in " something's have got to give "; jamie lee curtis , 45 , in " freaky friday "; and helen mirren , 58 , in " calendar girls. ".
들의 다이앤 키튼이 58세이고 , 프리키 프라이데이의 제이미 리 커티스는 45세며 , 캘린더 걸스의 헬렌 미렌 역시 58세다.

four of the myrmidons climbing down cry out as arrows hit them ; they tumble into the sea.
그는 법의 앞잡이였다.

conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
양심은 누군가가 우리를 (지켜) 보고 있을지 모른다고 타일러 주는 내부의 소리이다.

avow.
공언하다.

avow.
서원.

bachelor.
총각.

bachelor.
노총각.

economic evaluation of various cooling systems.
냉방기기별 경제성 평가.

economic evaluation of infiltration prevention devices in vestibule of refrigerated warehouse.
냉동냉장창고 전실부 침기방지장치의 경제성 평가.

economic issue is directly related to the livelihood of the people.
경제 문제는 국민 생활과 직결되어 있다.

lack of money will have an adverse effect on our research programme.
자금 부족이 우리 연구 프로그램에 부정적인 영향을 줄 것이다.

lack of documentation is a major issue as well.
문서의 부족 역시 주요 이슈입니다.

philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language. (ludwig wittgenstein).
철학은 언어를 무기로 하여 우리의 지성에 걸린 주문과 싸우는 전투이다. (루트비히 비트겐슈타인 , 생각명언).

affairs of state are in disarray because of strife between the parties.
당쟁으로 정사가 어지러워졌다.

critics have blamed it for the initial failure of a 40-year bond sale.
비평가들은 40년 만기 채권 매각의 초기 실패에 대해 비판했다.

avon.
에이본.

avon.
에이본 프로덕트.

nick , you seem to mumble jumble about where you got the info.
nick , 아무래도 자네가 어디서 자료를 얻었는지에 대해 횡설수설 하는것 같아보여.

nick frigged off without a word.
닉은 말도 없이 떠났다.

shakespeare is considered to be the greatest playwright of all time.
셰익스피어는 시대를 초월하는 역사상 가장 위대한 극작가로 꼽힌다.

shakespeare was born to middle class parents on april 23 , 1564 in stratford-on-avon.
셰익스피어는 1564년 stratford-on-avon에서 중간 계층 부모님에게서 태어났다.

class.
수업.

class.
등급.

class.
계급.

william shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that england has ever produced.
윌리엄 셰익스피어는 영국이 낳은 가장 위대한 극작가이다.

william jennings jefferson , democratic representative from louisiana 2nd district , named as an unindicted co-conspirator by prosecutors in connection with brent pfeffer's guilty plea to bribery charges.
루이지애나 2 구역의 민주당 대표 윌리엄 제닝스 제퍼슨은 뇌물 수수 혐의에 대한 브렌트 페퍼의 유죄 인정과 관련하여 검사에 의해 공모자로 불기소되었 습니다.

police , state legislators and local activists say that something must be done.
경찰과 주의회 의원과 지역 운동가들은 어떤 조치가 반드시 취해져야 된다고 말한다.

police say the bomber walked into the buratha mosque as vehicle traffic was prohibitted during prayer hours.
이라크 경찰은 금요 기도회를 앞두고 자동차 통행이 금지된 가운데 , 테러분자가 부라타 사원으로 걸어 들어가 자폭했다고 말했습니다.

police say the blasts were part of a well-coordinated attack.
인도 경찰은 이번 폭발은 교묘히 연계된 공격이었다고 지적했습니다.

police say 59-year-old municipal worker dennis rader was arrested on friday.
경찰은 금요일 59세의 시 공무원 데니스 레이더를 체포했다고 밝혔습니다.

police found the bodies of six men , bound and shot in the head , in a sunni neighborhood of the capital.
경찰은 한 수니파 마을에서 몸이 묶인 채 머리에 총을 맞아 숨진 남자 6명의 시신을 발견했습니다.

police found allgood naked and screaming at his mother and father.
경찰은 allgood이 발가벗고 그의 어머니와 아버지에게 소리를 지르고 있는 것을 발견했다.

police managed to subdue the angry crowd.
경찰은 성난 군중들을 가까스로 제압했다.

police formed a cordon around the building.
경찰이 그 건물 주변에 저지선을 둘렀다.

police carry out periodic crackdowns but the antivice campaigns did not prevent this incident in mid-september.
경찰에서 주기적으로 단속을 벌이고 있지만 그런 매춘 반대 운동도 9월 중순에 발생한 이 사건을 막지는 못했습니다.

police mounted a massive dragnet , and two suspects were hold in it.
경찰에서 대규모 수사망을 펼쳤고 두 명의 용의자가 걸려 들었다.

police manhandled the criminal by pushing him against a wall.
경찰은 그 범인을 벽쪽으로 밀어부치면서 난폭하게 다루었다.

england and scotland were united into one kingdom.
잉글랜드와 스코틀랜드는 연합하여 하나의 왕국을 이루었다.

instead , we use the latest computer software to go from a two-dimensional simulated model to a three-dimensional one.
그 대신 저희는 최신 컴퓨터 소프트웨어를 이용하여 2차원의 모의 모델에서 3차원의 모델로 발전시킵니다.

instead , connections between nerves and the muscles they control , in a circuit starting in the motor cortex of the brain , got stronger.
대신에 뇌의 운동피질에서 순환이 시작되면서 , 신경과 신경의 통제를 받는 근육의 연결부는 더 강해진다.

instead of a midterm , there will be a paper.
중간고사는 리포트로 대체하겠습니다.

instead of hiring a caterer , jill suggested that each person prepare a dish for the picnic.
출장 뷔페를 부르는 대신 , 질은 각자가 소풍에 필요한 음식을 준비해오자고 제안했다.

instead of focusing on just one part of an organization , consultants help to transform its entirely.
컨설턴트들은 어느 조직의 어느 특정 부분에 집중하는 대신 , 그 조직 전체의 구조를 변형시키는 데에 도움을 준다.

training costs constitute nearly one half of the human resources department's budget.
연수비가 인사과 예산의 거의 절반을 차지한다.

dogs love to chew on bones to taste the marrow.
개는 뼈를 씹어 골수를 맛보는 것을 좋아한다.

dogs were even hung from the horizontal crossbar of children's swings.
심지어 개들은 아이들 그네의 평행한 봉에 매달리기도 한다.

dutch.
네덜란드 말.

country and soil his legacy.
얄궂은 일은 정치적 싸움의 와중에서도 클린턴과 그의 적들은 미국을 분열시키고 미국의 명예에 오점을 남기는 데 있어 사실상 공조했다는 사실이다.

daughter.
딸.

daughter.
따님.

rose hips are among those fruits that sweeten up in the cold.
들장미 열매는 추운 때 달콤해지는 과일들 중 하나예요.

theatre staff noted that the patient's abdomen became distended.
난민 보호소에서 우리는 식량 부족으로 복부가 팽창된 아이들을 많이 보았다.

successful people tend to be rolling stones.
성공적인 사람들은 활동적이고 언제나 참신한 경향이 있다.

booklet.
책자.

which do you choose , heads or tails ?.
어느 쪽을 선택할래 ? 앞면이냐 뒷면이냐 ?.

which do you prefer working with people or alone ?.
혼자서 일하는 걸 좋아하세요 , 아니면 다른 사람들과 함께 일하는 걸 좋아하세요 ?.

which of the following is not mentioned as an essential nutrient ?.
다음 중 필수 영양소로 언급되지 않은 것은 무엇인가 ?.

which of the following foods is not mentioned as being served at brioche ?.
브리오쉬에서 제공하는 음식으로 언급되지 않은 것은 ?.

which of the following containers is not suitable for mixing the ingredients ?.
아래 그릇 중 요리 재료를 섞기에 적합하지 않은 것은 무엇인가 ?.

which of these city university programs benefits from the money raised at the luncheon ?.
시립대학교의 어떤 프로그램이 오찬회에서 마련된 기금의 혜택을 보는가 ?.

which way is the post office , please ?.
우체국은 어느 쪽입니까 ?.

which was more interesting , boston or new york ?.
보스턴과 뉴욕 중 어느 곳이 더 재미있었니 ?.

which one of the following is not a correct interpretation of this ad ?.
다음 중 이 광고를 제대로 해석한 것이 아닌 것은 ?.

which countries experienced doubledigit inflation ?.
두자리수 인플레를 겪은 나라들은 ?.

which form of plant life will thrive the most in a hydroponics enrichment.
어떤 형태의 식물이 수경법에의한 영양 공급상태에서 가장 번성할 것인가.

which mr. baker is in charge of logistics ?.
어느 베이커 씨가 물류 업무를 담당하고 있나요 ?.

which top do you like better , the korean top or the american top ?.
한국 팽이와 미국 팽이 중 어떤 팽이가 더 좋은가 ?.

which method is not mentioned as a form of communication ?.
의사전달 수단으로 언급되지 않은 것은 ?.

which company showed the highest profit ?.
수익을 가장 많이 낸 회사는 ?.

which candidate do you support in the upcoming election ?.
당신은 이번 선거에 누구를 지지하십니까 ?.

which country showed no change in the percentage its citizens saved from 1991 to 2001 ?.
1991년부터 2001년까지 시민들의 저축률이 전혀 변하지 않은 국가는 ?.

which houses are most likely to need a humidifier ?.
가습기가 가장 필요할 것 같은 집은 ?.

which category had the lowest percentage of representation on us boards of directors in 2004 ?.
2004년에 미국 이사회 이사 중 가장 낮은 비율을 차지한 부문은 ?.

which adjective best describes the president ?.
어느 형용사가 그 대통령을 가장 잘 묘사하고 있는가 ?.

which applicant would be best for the job ?.
그 업무에 어느 지원자가 가장 적임일까요 ?.

which recreational activity is not mentioned in the brochure ?.
이 책자에서 언급되지 않은 레크리에이션 활동은 ?.

showing.
상영.

showing.
그건 어디서 상영합니까 ?.

showing.
지금 무슨 영화 해요 ?.

showing times for bridge to bulgaria are 11 : 20 , 1 : 30 , 3 : 40 , and 5 : 50.
브리지 투 불가리아의 상영 시간은 11시 20분 , 1시 30분 , 3시 40분 , 5시 50분입니다.

wonderful.
멋지다.

george was designated as successor to the present president.
조지는 현 사장의 후임자로 임명됐습니다.

george bush and barack obama meet in the oval office.
조지 부시와 버락 오바마는 대통령 집무실에서 만난다.

george bush has already overdrawn on america's unilateral powers to act autonomously and rashly.
부시 대통령은 이미 미국의 일방적인 힘을 남용해 멋대로 경솔한 행동을 감행해 왔다.

george told me to do the laundry. it's the devil and all.
조지는 나보고 빨래를 하라고 했다. 그것 참 귀찮은데.

george allen is not a bigot.
조지 알렌은 편견이 심한 사람이 아니다.

george harrison died friday after a lengthy battle with cancer.
암으로 인한 오랜 투병 생활 끝에 조지 해리슨은 금요일 세상을 등졌습니다.

george w. bush could not wait to get home.
조지 워커 부시는 선거 승리를 앉아서 기다릴 수만은 없다.

george ryan's moratorium on executions was appropriate.
조지 리안의 실행중단은 적절했었다.

progress toward reducing undernutrition among young children in bangkok.
유니세프 보고서의 아시아 부분을 발표한 방콕에서 유니세프의 지역 영양 담당자인 카렌 코들링씨는 이번 유엔아동기금 보고서는 세계가 어 린이들의 영양실조를 줄이는데 거의 아무런 진전을 이루지 못하고 있음을 보여주고 있다고 말합니다.

tax avoidance and grantsmanship' were growth industries.
절세와 그 기술은 성장 산업들이었다.

sports allows middleclass guys in relatively sedentary jobs to identify as powerful somehow.
스포츠는 주로 앉아서 일하는 직업을 가진 중산층 남자들에게 그들 스스로를 그럭저럭 힘있는 존재로 인식하도록 하는 데 일조합니다.

sports subculture there is one word that best describes my subculture and me , " baseball ".
기업들은 종종 새로운 것을 찾다 하위 문화의 반항적인 매력을 이용하려고 들 때가 흔히 있다.

urban development and historic cultural environment.
도시개발과 역사문화환경.

traffic.
교통.

traffic.
교통량.

traffic out of the city on route 9 is flowing well until the cumberland exit , where an earlier accident is blocking the right lane.
9번 도로를 이용해 도시를 빠져나가는 차량들은 앞서 있었던 사고 여파로 우측 차선이 정체되고 있는 컴버랜드 나들목까지는 원활하게 달리고 있습니다.

traffic accident factor analysis of cheong-ju unsignalized intersections using discriminant model.
판별모형을 통한 청주시 비신호교차로 사고요인 분석.

-the pituitary gland and the pineal gland , both of which are located in the brain.
뇌 안에 위치해 있는 뇌하수체와 송과선 ;.

case study of residents' participation for community revitalization in japan.
지역활성화를 위한 일본의 주민참여기법 사례 연구.

case study for major cost impact factors in residential skyscraper projects.
초고층 주거 프로젝트의 주요 공사비 초과요인에 관한 사례 연구.

arrest.
체포.

arrest.
검거.

arrest.
구인.

avoid exposure to the allergen.
알레르기를 발생시키는 것에 대한 노출을 피하세요.

birds build their nests out of twigs.
새들은 잔가지들로 둥지를 짓는다.

birds warble in the trees above.
새들이 나무 위에서 노래하고 있었다.

frogs sleep in the wintertime.
개구리는 동면을 합니다.

masked.
가면[가장]무도회.

masked.
복면 강도.

masked.
가면무도회.

lower heat , then carefully pour beaten egg yolks into hot mixture in pan.
불을 낮춘 다음 풀어놓은 달걀 노른자를 냄비 속에 있는 뜨거운 혼합물에 조심스럽게 붓는다.

lower productivity.
국립수면센터(nsc)는 근무 시간에 조는 직원들로 인해 미국의 기업들이 작업 시간 손실 및 생산성 저하로 연간 180억 달러의 손해를 보는 것으로 추산하고 있다.

bat , as in small winged mammals that fly using ultrasonic waves to avoid obstacles.
박쥐는 날개 달린 작은 포유류의 일종으로 초음파를 사용하여 장애물을 피하며 날아다닙니다.

mammals can also be comfortable here , such as water voles and muskrats.
들쥐나 사향뒤쥐 같은 포유류도 여기에서 편하게 쉴 수 있다.

ultrasonic.
초음파의.

ultrasonic.
초음파 발생기.

ultrasonic.
초음파.

purchase.
구매.

purchase.
구입.

purchase.
매입.

purchase order #9e33).
기록을 보니까 10월 2일에 배달된 교류기(송장 번호 5784 ; 구매 주문서 번호 9e33) 대금 279달러 59센트가 미납돼 있습니다.

fresh fruits and sunflower seeds are also good sources of folic acid.
신선한 과일과 해바라기씨 또한 엽산의 좋은 원료가 된다.

milk , directed by gus van sant , is also a biopic about a slain martyr.
구스 반 산트 감독의 밀크 역시 죽임을 당한 순교자에 관한 전기영화이다.

fold the paper in half again and press it together carefully.
그 종이를 반으로 다시 접고 조심스럽게 눌러 주세요.

fold unsealed ends toward vegetables and crimp tightly.
국제올림픽위원회 위원장이 봉투를 개봉했습니다.

gently press crumbs so they adhere.
빵부스러기를 가볍게 누르면 서로 뭉치게 됩니다.

gently squeeze tea bags and remove.
부드럽게 티 백을 짜내서 꺼내세요.

wear your blazer with a bold pink collared shirt to a dressy evening affair.
멋진 저녁행사에 맞는 진분홍의 칼라가 달려 있는 셔츠에 여러분의 블레이저를 입으라.

wear padded gloves when using hand tools.
손 공구를 사용 할 때는 보호 장갑을 껴라.

sunglasses.
선글라스.

sunglasses.
색안경.

sunglasses.
선글래스.

accidents are often caused by carelessness.
사고는 부주의에서 자주 일어난다.

accidents happen in industrial settings when workers fail to abide by the rules.
산업 현장에서 근로자들이 규정을 안 지킬 때 사고가 발생한다.

stress analysis of flat plate with cutout.
적결부를 갖는 평판의 응력 해석.

history and natural disasters influenced the chinese sculptor.
역사와 자연 재해들이 그 중국 조각가에게 영향을 주었다.

history has many examples of perfidy and deceit.
역사는 많은 배신과 계락의 실례를 가지고 있다.

history has shown where that disintegration of european policy can lead.
역사는 유럽정책의 붕괴가 어디로 이끄는 지 보여줘왔다.

history repeats itself. or history runs its cycle.
역사는 되풀이한다.

miss wormwood is out to destroy my life !.
웜우드 선생님은 내 인생을 망쳐버릴 작정이라니까 !.

eggs are very nutritious , but many people stopped eating eggs when they were linked to high cholesterol.
계란은 영양가가 풍부하지만 , 콜레스테롤 수치가 높아서 먹지 않는 사람들이 많습니다.

eggs are very nutritious , but many people stopped eating eggs when they were linked to high cholesterol.
그럼에도 불구하고 , 그들은 대개 과일에서 영양분이 매우 풍부한 부분인 껍질을 버린다.

eggs are apt to addle.
달걀은 썩기 쉽다.

eggs are apt to addle.
계란은 썩기 쉽다.

eggs and their corks once were thought to contain natural barriers to stop bacteria.
한때 달걀과 그 코르크에는 박테리아의 감염을 막는 천연 보호막이 있는 것으로 알려졌었습니다.

cakes , cookies , fruit breads and bars of almond-filled nougat are stacked high.
케이크 , 쿠키 , 과일 빵 , 그리고 아몬드가 채워진 누가바가 높이 쌓여 있습니다.

october 2004 : achmed mohameed about returns to his village of hila abrahim , darfur , after a roving band of janjaweed attacked and burned down his home.
힐라사의 사장님께서 내일 오후 809 회의실에서 설명회를 개최할 예정임을 숙지하시기 바랍니다.

18.
파이프 연결 부분의 용접은 마지막 파이프가 도착하자마자 시작되었으며 12월 18일 토요일 오전에 끝날 것으로 예상됩니다.

foods that are high in polyunsaturated fats.
다가 불포화 지방이 많이 든 식품.

foods that are high in polyunsaturates.
다가 불포화 지방이 많이 든 식품.

line of balance.
로빙.

babies like to gnaw hard objects when they are teething.
아기들은 이가 날 때 딱딱한 물건을 깨물기 좋아한다.

babies need to learn to 'self soothe'.
아기들은 스스로를 달래는 법을 배워야한다.

babies love to stare at people's faces.
아기들은 사람들의 얼굴을 쳐다보는 것을 좋아한다.

babies who have respiratory distress syndrome may need help breathing until their lungs become stronger.
호흡 장애 증후군에 걸린 아기들은 폐가 튼튼해 질때까지 호흡에 도움을 받을 필요가 있다.

babies yawn even before they are born.
아기들은 태어나기 전부터 하품을 합니다.

babies crawl on their hands and knees.
아기들은 손과 무릎으로 기어 다닌다.

combination.
결합.

university of chicago business school has a very homogeneous student mix , in the sense of backgrounds , interests , and career objectives.
시카고 대학의 경영 대학원 학생들은 경력이나 기호 , 직업 , 목표 등의 측면에서 매우 동질적인 요소가 많다.

university of maryland biologist , gail patricelli created the female robot , and can make it do what female bowerbirds do in nature.
메릴랜드 대학교의 생물학자인 게일 패트리첼리는 로봇 암컷새를 제작해서 암컷 바우어새가 실제로 하는 행동을 해보도록 했습니다.

children's activities , ranging from pony rides to educational games , will be offered in the museum's ample courtyard.
조랑말 타기부터 교육적인 게임에 이르기까지 다양한 어린이 놀이가 넓은 미술관 뜰에서 벌어지게 됩니다.

children's bones are softer than adults and therefore more prone to stress fractures and disfiguration.
어린이들의 뼈는 성인들의 것보다 더 약해서 , 따라서 골절이 더 많이 일어나고 뼈가 더 많이 부서질 수 있습니다.

ground suddenly sank under his feet.
그의 발 밑에서 갑자기 땅이 꺼졌다.

reporters nosed out all the details of the affair.
기자들이 그 연애 사건에 대해 모든 자세한 내용을 찾아냈다.

cover the burn with an antiseptic dressing.
화상 부위를 소독된 붕대로 감싸라.

cover dish with foil and bake 40 minutes.
호일로 접시를 덮고 40분간 오븐에서 굽는다.

cover pan and let rolls rise until almost doubled in bulk , about 45 minutes.
뚜껑을 덮고 약 45분 가량 롤들이 거의 두 배로 부풀 때까지 놓아둔다.

cover dough and chill for 1 hour.
반죽을 덮어두고 1시간동안 차갑게해.

survey pro is a software product that collects customer responses , tabulates them , and summarizes them in a report.
서베이 프로는 고객의 반응을 수집하고 그것을 표로 만들어 보고서 형식으로 요약해 주는 소프트웨어 제품입니다.

hong kong's dominant telecommunications company , pccw , ceased buyout speculation by accepting a purchase of 23 percent of its stock by a hong kong financier.
홍콩의 지배적인 통신회사인 pccw는 홍콩의 한 금융업자의 23%의 주식 매입을받아들임으로써 그동안 경영권 장악을 둘러싼 추측을 종식시켰습니다.

marriages.
미국의 조지 부쉬 대통령은 동성결혼을 금지하는 미국 헌법 개정에 대해 지지 의사를 밝혔습니다.

equal rights are social issues , but they also broaden and deepen the market.
동등한 권리는 사회적 이슈이기도 하지만 , 동시에 시장의 폭을 넓혀 주는 역할도 하였다.

scientist.
과학자.

scientist.
우주 과학자.

scientist.
지구 과학자.

complex.
열등감.

complex.
콤플렉스.

complex.
단지.

complex carbs take longer to digest than simple carbs , and are usually high in fiber , nutrient-rich , and provide many benefits including : improved digestion , stabilized blood sugar levels , and longer levels of satiety.
복합 탄수화물은 단순 탄수화물보다 소화되는 데 더 오래 걸리며 보통 섬유소가 풍부하고 영양이 많고 다음의 이점들을 제공합니다 : 개선된 소화 , 안정된 혈당치 , 더 오래 가는 포만감.

crowds of people thronged to see the game.
그 경기를 보려고 많은 사람이 몰려갔다.

than two fold.
구강과 시력의 문제는 각각 4.08퍼센트와 4.37퍼센트로 줄어들었으며 , 이비인후과와 피부 문제는 두 배 이상 증가했습니다.

than ever before and how fast they are moving as the universe expands.
하지만 이 놀라운 망원경은 먼 은하들을 좀 더 정확하게 측정하고 먼 은하들이 우주가 팽창함에 따라 얼마나 빨리 움직이는 가를 측정함으로써 우주가 137 억년이라고 설명합니다.

north korea is most likely to test seoul's resolve and the strength of the american commitment.
북한은 남한의 결의와 미국이 한 공약의 강도를 시험할 공산이 크다.

north korea's economy is on the brink of breaking down.
북한의 경제는 붕괴 직전에 있다.

north korea's chief delegate to multinational nuclear talks says his country will continue to boost its arsenal as long as the talks are stalled.
북한은 북핵 6자 회담이 교착 상태에 빠져 있는한 자체 군사 억제력을 계속 강화해 나갈 것이라고 북한측 6자 회담 수석 대표가 말했습니다.

north korean asylum seekers are bound for seoul.
북한 난민들이 서울을 향하고 있다.

former ambassador david mack is the vice president of the middle east institute.
데이비드 맥 전 uae 대사는 현재 중동 연구소의 부소장입니다.

stated briefly , this swot (strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , threats) analysis highlights the great strides the company has taken since its products first appeared on grocers' shelves five years ago.
간략히 말씀드리면 이 스와트(강점 , 약점 , 기회 , 위협) 분석은 5년 전에 식료품점 선반에 제품이 첫 선을 보인 이후의 회사의 큰 발전 사항을 부각시키고 있습니다.

amelia did not understand this idiom at all.
아멜리아는 이 숙어를 전혀 이해하지 못했어요.

leading to rampant yellow dust storms.
이 프로젝트는 한국 임업 부문이 주도하여 , 사나운 황사 폭풍을 일으키는 과도한 사막화를 막기 위해 백오십만 그루의 나무를 몽골에 심는 프로젝트입니다.

aviation.
항공.

news corporation is very adept at that.
뉴스 회사는 그것에 대해 매우 능숙하다.

surprise.
놀라움.

surprise your family with freshly baked delicacies at 40% off the regular price.
보통 가격의 40% 할인가에 막 구워낸 진미 제과들로 여러분의 가족을 놀라게 하십시오.

companies are hiring robotics engineers to develop automated vacuum cleaners and robot dogs.
자동 진공 청소기와 강아지 로봇을 개발하는 로봇 공학 기술자들을 고용하고 있는 회사들이 있다.

companies started going to expense to soothe the environmental problems.
기업들이 환경 문제를 완화시키는데 돈을 들이기 시작했다.

companies fighting for domination of the software market.
소프트웨어 시장 지배권을 두고 싸우는 회사들.

newspapers are a mirror of the time.
신문은 시국을 반영한다.

newspapers have captions that name the people in the pictures.
신문은 사진 속 인물의 이름을 열거하는 캡션기사를 싣는다.

step on it , please. or pick up your speed.
속력을 내시오.

six.
여섯.

six.
육.

six.
엿새.

six employees were given awarded for meritorious service.
여섯 명의 고용인들이 칭찬할 만한 봉사에 대해 상을 받았다.

six senate seats chosen by italians living abroad still have not been counted.
해외에 거주하는 이탈리아인들에 의해서 선택된 6개의 상원 좌석이 여전히 계산되지 않았다.

six months ago this would have been unheard of.
6개월 전에는 이런 일이 있지도 않았을 것이다.

six bodies were recovered from the wreckage.
그 잔해에서 6구의 시신이 발견되었다.

six litres , 12 cylinders , 552 horses , two turbochargers and four-wheel drive.
6리터 , 12실린더 , 552마력 , 두개의 터보차저 그리고 4륜구동.

months of hard work culminated in success.
여러 달 동안 했던 힘든 일이 성공적으로 막을 내렸다.

experts say melamine is already widespread in the global food chain.
전문가들은 멜라민이 전 세계에 이미 널리 퍼지고 있다고 말합니다.

experts say phishing scams are getting harder to detect by the day.
피싱 사기는 날이 갈수록 적발하기가 어려워지고 있다고 전문가들은 말합니다.

1 package (3.4 ounce) instant butterscotch pudding mix.
인스턴트 버터를 넣은 캔디 푸딩 즉석조리식품 1 봉지.

passengers are being seated aboard the plane.
비행기를 탄 승객들이 자리에 앉고 있다.

passengers are becoming more sanguine about the risks of air travel because flying is still part of life and people have to live with it.
승객들은 비행기 여행이 생활의 일부이고 어쩔 수 없이 이용해야 한다는 것을 알기 때문에 , 항공 여행의 위험을 받아들이는 자세를 보이고 있다.

passengers for unified flight 156 , this is your final boarding call.
유니파이드 156편 승객 여러분 , 마지막 탑승 안내 방송입니다.

transportation will be supplied by the company.
회사가 차를 준비하기로 되어 있다.

mark had a lash at fixing a car.
마크는 자동차 수리를 시도해보았다.

mark says the usa spends nearly $24 billion a month on oil imports , accounting for half of its foreign trade deficit.
마크씨는 미국은 석유 수입에 매달 약 240억 달러를 지출한다면서 , 이는 무역적자의 절반에 달하는 규모라고 말합니다.

thomas cromwell is mantel's hero and our viewpoint.
토마스 크롬웰은 맨텔의 영웅이자 우리의 관점이다.

thomas seymour was beheaded a year later for treason.
토마스 시모어는 배신으로 1년 뒤에 참수당했다.

large companies such as ibm , informix , oracle , microsoft , sybase as well as others have relational database products.
ibm , 오라클 , 마이크로소프트 , 사이베이스 등과 같은 큰 기업들도 역시 관계형 데이터베이스 제품들을 보유하고 있다.

masters are ruled by their pets !.
주인이 애완동물한테 쥐여사네요 !.

rigorous.
엄중하다.

rigorous.
엄격하다.

maintenance wavelength on fibres carrying signals(l.41).
광케이블 유지보수 지원 , 감시 , 시험 시스템 운용파장.

tragedy in china yu gong , a 40-year-old scientist , was killed in a traffic accident last monday after returning from the forests of central china.
중국의 안타까운 사건 지난 월요일 , 40세의 과학자 유공 씨가 중국 중부의 삼림에서 돌아온 후 교통 사고로 사망했다.

pages can be typeset on-screen.
책 페이지가 컴퓨터 스크린에 활자화될 수 있다.

civil.
공민의.

example of the structural design with applied snip codes in the commonwealth of independent states (cis).
cis 국가 내진 설계 방법과 snip code를 적용한 주거시설 구조설계 사례.

example of booster pump system at apartment in japan.
일본 공동주택에서 사용되는 부스터펌프방식.

fuel that burns cleanly.
깨끗이 연소하는 연료.

costs of products are mounting every week.
생산 단가가 매주 오르고 있다.

costs must be within the ceilings determined by the departments' travel and subsistence policy.
경비는 그 부서의 여행 및 생계정책에 의해 결정된 상한선내에서 사용될 것이 분명하다.

percentage.
백분율.

percentage.
퍼센트.

gulf arab oil producers saudi arabia , kuwait , bahrain , oman , qatar , and the united arab emirates , each a member of the gulf cooperation council (gcc) , plan to become major aluminum exporters and have spent more than $4 billion to expand existing aluminum smelters and develop new plants.
페르시아만의 아랍 산유국들인 사우디아라비아 , 쿠웨이트 , 바레인 , 오만 , 카타르 , 아랍 에미리트 연방 등 걸프 협력 회의(gcc) 회원국들은 알루미늄 주요 수출국으로 발돋움하기 위해 기존 알루미늄 제련소 확장 및 공장 신축에 40억 달러 이상을 투자했다.

prices will continue to creep higher.
물가는 계속해서 오를 것이다.

prices went as high at 72 dollars , 49 cents-a-barrel before retreating slightly.
가격이1배럴 당 72달러 49센트로 올랐다가 나중에 약간 하락했습니다.

travel report of hyogo-ken prefecture disaster management center and aij's annual meeting conference 149.
일본 효고켄 재해대책센터 및 현장견학과 일본건축학회대회 참가기.

authorities are using cadaver dogs to search for the head.
당국은 그 머리를 찾기위하여 수색견들을 사용중입니다.

authorities have thrown others into mental institutions , where government psychiatrists diagnose them as having what they call " litigation mania. ".
관계당국은 다른이들을 모두 정신병원시설로 보냈다면서 , 그곳에서 정부 정신학자들은 " 소송매니아 " 라고 불리는 병을 가졌다고 진단했습니다.

authorities say more than 50 percent of montenegro's 485-thousand qualified people had cast ballots in the first five hours of polling.
당국자들은 투표 시작 5시간 만에 48만 5천명의 유권자 가운데 50퍼센트 이상이 투표에 참여했다고 말했습니다.

authorities made an official hand count of incoming tourist cards.
사실 , 당국이 방문 여행자 수를 세기 시작한 첫 해인 2000년도 한 해동안 7천 명 정도의 미국인만이 이곳을 방문하는 기회를 가졌습니다.

changes of mechanical properties and hand evaluation of shrinkproof-finished wool knit after washing.
양모 방축가공사 편성물의 세탁 후 역학적 특성 및 태의변화.

outside.
바깥의.

outside.
밖의.

outside.
외부의.

peacocks display their feathers and dance to attract peahens.
공작들은 그들의 깃털을 펼치고 암컷공작들을 매혹하려고 춤을 춥니다.

huge amounts of hydroelectric power are generated in canada's st lawrence river.
캐나다 로렌스강에서 엄청난 양의 수력전기가 생성된다.

huge waves broke over the bow of the ship.
거대한 파도가 뱃전에 부서지더군.

huge moral issue facing the country.
그 나라는 거대한 도덕적 문제를 마주하고 있다.

filled with breathtaking landscapes and dramatic sunsets , visitors experience everything from old world greek architecture in small villages , to the volcano and caldera , to the spectacular beaches.
기가 막힌 풍경과 황홀한 석양을 만끽한 관광객들은 소도시에 남아 있는 고대 그리스의 유적지를 보기도 하고 화산과 칼데라 호를 둘러보는가 하면 눈부신 장관의 해변을 방문하기도 합니다.

doves (pigeons) pet doves : - do well as single cage birds or with others in an aviary.
비둘기 애완 비둘기 : - 혼자 새장에 있는 것 혹은 새장에 다른 새들과 함께 있는 것도 잘합니다.

far too many chinese also carry seeds of racism , sexism and homophobia.
중국인들 다수는 또한 인종차별주의자이며 성차별주의자이고 동성애를 혐오하는 사람들이다.

transmission systems for interactive cable television services.
케이블 모뎀 및 케이블 모뎀 중앙장치.

transmission characteristics for wideband (150-7000 hz) digital handset telephones.
광대역(150-7000hz) 디지털 전화장치의 전송특성.

influenza , like any other parasitic virus , invades the genetic workings of the dna mechanics and causes the body's immune system to be susceptible to other microbes , namely , bacterial invasions.
독감은 다른 기생 바이러스처럼 dna의 유전자 활동에 침투하여 신체 면역체계를 다른 세균에 감염되기 싶게 만든다. 즉 , 박테리아 침투이다.

united flight 108 for frankfurt will depart from gate b29.
프랑크푸르트행 유나이티드 항공 108편기는 b29탑승구에서 출발합니다.

signs directed traffic to a detour.
표지판을 보고 차량들이 우회 도로로 빠졌다.

public school construction program , administrative procedures guide board of public works , maryland u. s. a. (2).
미국 메릴랜드주 교육시설행정지침.

public opinion is for the policy.
여론은 그 정책에 찬성하고 있다.

kohut said one of the extraordinary discoveries in his poll was the widespread awareness of the menace of avian flu.
코후트 국장은 이번 여론 조사에서 두드러지게 발견된 결과 가운데 하나는 조류 독감 확산 위협에 대한 경종이 있었습니다.

widespread flooding has resulted in over 100 deaths.
전역에 걸친 수난으로 100명 이상이 죽었다.

response control performance of an mr damper by using real-time substructuring method.
실시간 부분구조법을 이용한 mr댐퍼의 응답제어성능 평가.

response characteristics of torsionally-coupled buildings with tuned mass dampers.
감쇠기가 설치된 건물의 횡과 비틀림 응답 특성.

asia and africa are the two biggest continents.
아시아와 아프리카는 가장 큰 두 대륙이다.

regulations that are in conformity with european law.
유럽법에 맞춘 규정들.

critical load of simple supported tapered columns.
단순지지 변단면 기둥의 임계하중.

critical flowrate of mass in capillary tube.
연구모세관에서 최대유량.

timber.
목재.

timber.
선재.

article.
항목.

article.
조항.

article.
물품.

strategic objective is the safety of its own pilots.
금요일의 사건은 나토자체 조종사의 안전이 기본 전략 목표가 된 유고슬라비아내 나토의 전쟁수행이란 무의미한 정책을 빼아프게 일깨워 주 는 사건이다.

seven astronauts died when the shuttle columbia disintegrated on reentry.
컬럼비아호는 (지구 대기권에) 재진입하던 중 폭발하여 7명의 우주 비행사가 사망한 바 있습니다.

asian leaders are heading to shanghai today (wednesday) for a central asian security summit-meeting led by china and russia.
아시아 지도자들이 중국과 러시아가 주도하는 상하이 협력기구 정상 회의 (sco) 에 참석하기 위해 중국으로 향하고 있습니다.

asian leaders are heading to shanghai today (wednesday) for a central asian security summit-meeting led by china and russia.
이번 브뤼셀 정상회담에서 또 다른 핵심 사안인 , 로마노 프로디 현 유럽연합 집행위원회 위원장의 뒤를 이을 차기 위원장 지명에 대해서는 합의를 보지 못했습니다.

asian longhorn beetles are just as comfortable living in urban environments as in wooded areas , and they are well established in new york , chicago and toronto.
장수 하늘소는 산림지역에서 사는 것만큼 도시 환경에서 사는 것도 편안해 하고 , 그들은 뉴욕 , 시카고 , 그리고 토론토에서 잘 자리를 잡았습 니다.

global partnership : more non-discriminatory financial systems need to be developed with government support to achieve poverty reduction.
세계 협력 : 가난을 줄이기 위해서 정부의 지원과 함께 더 많은 비차별적인 재정 시스템이 개발될 필요가 있다.

global warming is a large problem that requires new and inventive solutions.
지구 온난화는 새롭고 참신한 해결책을 요하는 큰 문제이다.

global warming is a hoax to drive up oil prices.
지구 온난화가 기름 값을 하락시키는 것은 거짓말이야.

needed.
이 연구 보고서의 대표저자인 카렌 가르시아 박사는 최대의 효과를 거두기 위해서는 유산소 운동과 역기를 이용한 운동을 병행할 필요가 있다고 말한다.

sudden.
갑작스럽다.

sudden.
불의의.

sudden.
급작스럽다.

sudden temperature changes usually cause glass to break or shatter.
갑작스러운 온도 변화는 대개 유리가 깨지거나 부서지게 합니다.

predators and internet pornography.
미국의 일부 국회의원들은 성적 약탈자들과 인터넷 포르노를 단속하기 위한 미국 법집행 당국의 능력을 개선시키기 위한 법안을 추진하고 있습니다.

illegal transactions and import restriction policy (written in korean).
불법거래행위와 수입제한정책.

sight.
시력.

sight.
광경.

trade with china is a blessing to the u.s. economy.
대중국 무역은 미국 경제에 축복입니다.

asteroid.
소행성.

aversion.
혐오.

aversion.
혐기.

aversion.
역문.

per serving with salt : 450 milligrams sodium ; 0 milligrams cholesterol.
통증을 없애고 붓기가 빠지게 , 이 부프로펜 600밀리그램을 6시간마다 드십시오.

raw materials were mostly congregated in the north.
사람들이 공원에 운집했다.

doctors in northwest china say they have performed the country's first face transplant on a chinese man who was mauled by a black bear.
중국 서북부 지방의 의사들은 흑곰에게 큰 상처를 입은 중국 남자에게 중국 최초의 얼굴 이식 수술을 실시했다고 밝혔습니다.

doctors have used chlorophyll pills for years to reduce odor in patients after intestinal surgery.
의사들은 장 수술을 받은 환자의 악취 완화를 위해 엽록소로 만든 알약을 수년간 사용해 왔습니다.

doctors warn about the increasing number of overweight children.
비만 아동 수의 증가에 대해 의사들이 경고하고 나섰습니다.

traveling around the world can be very exciting and equally as aggravating.
세계일주를 하는 것은 매우 흥미롭지만 그만큼 힘들 수도 있다.

traveling overseas has really helped to broaden her horizons.
해외여행은 그녀가 시야를 넓히는 데 많은 도움이 되었다.

tiny tooth like scales protect their tough skin.
작은 이빨처럼 생긴 비늘은 억센 피부를 보호해 주고 있다.

together , these plants and animals compose the arctic coastal plain ecosystem.
이 식물들과 동물들이 함께 북극해 연안 평지 생태계를 구성한다.

revealing his erect penis in the sock.
양말로 감싼 짐의 흥분한 페니스가 보인다.

sources hinted that the company would soon close its banking subsidiary.
소식통들은 그 회사가 조만간 계열사인 은행을 폐점시킬 것임을 넌지시 비추었다.

insurance is a guarantee against risk.
보험은 잠재 위험에 대비한 보장책입니다.

farmers are still a potent political force in france.
농부들은 프랑스에서 여전히 잠재력 있는 정치 세력이다.

media digs up divorce records and a tax lien of roughly $1200.
언론에서 이혼 기록과 1200불에 이르는 세금 미납으로 인한 유치권에 대해 파헤치고 있다.

korean police say they may file attempted murder charges against a man who seriously slashed the chairwoman of south korea's main opposition party.
한국 경찰은 22일 , 살인미수 및 공직선거법 위반혐의로 박근혜 한나라당 대표에게 흉기를 휘두른 지충호 씨의 구속영장을 청구했습니다.

korean airline is in alliance with some other airlines.
대한 항공은 다른 항공사와 제휴한다.

korean soccer coach finally chosen the korean football association announced that dick advocaat , a dutch soccer coach has been chosen to head the korean national soccer team.
대한축구협회는 한국 대표 축구팀을 이끌어 나가기 위해 네덜란드 축구 감독인 딕 아드보카트를 선택했다.

eighty percent of the companies polled reported spending less than 10% of their ad budgets on internet-based advertising.
조사에 참여한 회사 가운데 80%는 인터넷 광고에 광고 예산의 10% 미만을 투자한다고 말했다.

eighty percent of this company's clientele are local residents.
이 회사는 고객의 80%가 내국인이다.

ticket prices for musicals are approaching $70 on average.
뮤지컬 관람권은 평균 70달러선에 이르고 있습니다.

centimeters taller than those measured in 1985.
미드랜드 병원 의사들이 10년간에 걸친 연구 프로젝트를 마치면서 어제 발표한 내용에 따르면 오늘날의 14세 청소년들은 1985년 측정 당시 보다 2.5센티미터 크다는 것이다.

diameter base protocol for authentication , authorization and accounting.
인증과 권한제어 및 과금용 다이아메터(diameter) 베이스 프로토콜.

below.
미만의.

below.
밑의.

below.
칙살스럽다.

below are presented some methods that one business is using to meet this challenge.
다음은 이런 문제를 충족시키기 위한 몇 가지 수단을 보여주고 있다.

washington.
워싱턴.

washington lodged strong protests with tokyo over the slaying of the dolphins.
미국은 돌고래 학살에 대해 일본에 강력히 항의했다.

price elasticity of housing demand to use the unsold new house data.
미분양 주택자료를 이용한 주택수요의 가격탄력성 추정.

property.
부동산.

property.
특질.

property " %s " changed from " %s " to " %s ".
%s 속성이 " %s " 에서 " %s " (으)로 변경되었습니다.

nearly two million people died of starvation , overwork or punishment.
이 과정에서 거의 200만명이 기아와 과로와 처형으로 사망했습니다.

five years ago , he turned 85 with a lavish celebratory bash ; the guest list included international celebrities and dignitaries such as actor robert de niro , ex us president bill clinton and church leader and activist archbishop desmond tutu among others.
5년 전 , 그는 사치스러운 축하 파티로 85세가 되었습니다 ; 손님 리스트는 배우 로버트 드 니로 , 전 미국 대통령 빌 클린턴 그리고 교회 리더이자 행동주의자 인 대주교 데스몬 투투 같은 국제적인 유명인들과 고위 인사를 포함했습니다.

five years ago , he turned 85 with a lavish celebratory bash ; the guest list included international celebrities and dignitaries such as actor robert de niro , ex us president bill clinton and church leader and activist archbishop desmond tutu among others.
5년 전 , 그는 사치스러운 축하 파티로 85세가 되었습니다 ; 손님 리스트는 배우 로버트 드 니로 , 전 미국 대통령 빌 클린턴 그리고 교회 리더 이자 행동주의자인 대주교 데스몬 투투 같은 국제적인 유명인들과 고위 인사를 포함했습니다.

five years later , she departed for los angeles to enroll in the denishawn school of dancing run by st. denis and her husband , ted shawn.
5년 후 , 그녀는 생 드니스와 그의 남편 테드 숀이 운영하는 데니숀 무용 학교에 등록하기 위해 로스 엔젤레스로 떠났습니다.

five shops were damaged in a firebomb blitz.
그 폭탄 기습 공격으로 상점 다섯 곳이 파괴되었다.

student can also learn how the native groups weave cloth.
또한 아이들은 어떻게 토착민들이 직물을 짜는지에 대해서도 배울 수 있습니다.

student government spokeswoman liz hart said the campus appreciates the reporting on the virginia tech story , but students are ready to move forward.
총학생회측 대변인 liz hart 는 '모교는 버지니아텍 주립대 사건을 보도해준 데에 감사드리지만 , 학생들은 앞으로 나아갈 준비가 됐다'고 말했습니다.

student government spokeswoman liz hart said the campus appreciates the reporting on the virginia tech story , but students are ready to move forward.
총학생회측 대변인 liz hart 는 '모교는 버지니아텍 주립대 사건을 보도해준 데에 감사드리지만 , 학생들은 앞으로 나아갈 준비가 됐다'고 말 했습니다.

student standards of punctuality , behavior and attainment are very low.
시간엄수와 행동 및 성취도에 대한 학생들의 수준이 꽤 낮다.

student wastage rates.
학생들의 중도 탈락률.

men's singing voices are often an octave lower than women's.
남자들의 음성은 종종 여자보다 한 옥타브 낮다.

age.
나이.

age.
연세.

age will tell. or there is no contending against age. or age brings its unmistakable signs with it.
나이는 어찌할 수 없다.

aver.
단언.

smith , assuming the cello was junk , asked her boyfriend to convert it into a cd rack.
그 첼로가 고물이라고 생각한 스미스는 그녀의 남자 친구에게 그것을 cd 수납장으로 바꿔달라고 부탁했다.

oxford is twinned with bonn in germany.
옥스퍼드는 독일의 본과 자매 관계를 맺고 있다.

oxford was a very intelligent aristocrat who earned a degree when he was still a very young boy.
옥스포드는 아주 어린 나이에도 학위를 받은 , 매우 똑똑한 귀족이었다.

tall trees arched over the path.
길 위로는 키 큰 나무들이 아치 모양으로 우거져 있었다.

corner.
코너.

corner.
모서리.

corner.
모퉁이.

allen hough , a businessman who's evaluating tuk tuks for the australian market thinks three-wheelers may not need that much care and attention.
오스트레일리아 시장에서 뚝뚝이의 시장성을 저울질하고 있는 사업가 앨런 휴 씨는 , 삼륜차 하나에 그 정도까지 정성과 관심을 기울일 필요가 없다는 입장 입니다.

fbi agent enlisted to slip into the nefarious organization.
미 연방수사국 요원은 그 흉악한 조직에 잠입하기 위하여 입대를 했다.

solution.
해결책.

solution.
용액.

downtown.
도심.

downtown.
난 항상 리버사이드 인에 묵어요. 깨끗하고 편안한데다가 가격도 저렴해요. 시내 중심가에 있어서 찾기도 쉬워요.

downtown.
시내로 나가다.

tiller.
움이 트다.

tiller.
창나무.

tiller.
키자루.

gold has a lustrous beauty that is resistant to corrosion.
금은 썩지 않는 광택이 나는 아름다움을 지니고 있다.

maybe i can even fly on a broomstick like harry.
어쩌면 나는 해리처럼 빗자루를 타고 날 수 있을지도 몰라.

maybe i should move to cleaner water. ".
그래서 그녀는 나보다 더 하얗지.

maybe i could even make a pigeon nest !.
어쩌면 비둘기 둥지도 만들 수 있을지 몰라 !.

maybe the english public can now be weaned off their obsession with david beckham.
이제는 영국은 베컴에 대한 강박관념에서 나올수 있다.

maybe you are right. maybe all i need is a nice long vacation.
그럴 거예요. 나도 멋진 장기 휴가가 필요한 것 같아요.

maybe you guys will do better next year.
아마 너희 팀은 내년에는 더 잘 할 거야.

maybe they hung up the receiver improperly.
아마 수화기를 잘못 놓았을 거예요.

maybe we should bring this up at the next staff meeting.
이 건을 다음 직원 회의에서 건의해야겠어요.

maybe it's a hobbit thing.
호빗들은 다 저런가 봐.

maybe it's the economic malaise , which has settled over germany like a damp eiderdown.
지금은 경기 침체가 축축한 오리털 이불처럼 독일을 뒤덮고 있다고 말할 수도 있다.

maybe one of the alpacas is called donkey ?.
아마도 알파카 중 하나는 당나귀라고 불릴 것 같은데 ?.

maybe rob thomas is the first rock star to build a career on likeability.
아마도 rob thomas는 호감적으로 커리어를 쌓은 최초의 락스타이다.

master.
석사.

master.
마스터.

adult bikers should be warned that the shorter courses are not necessarily easier , as all courses are over arduous terrain.
전 코스가 험한 지형에 있기 때문에 코스가 짧다고 더 쉬운 것은 아니라는 점을 성인 참가자 여러분께서는 주지하시기 바랍니다.

loss of memory is a natural concomitant of the sear and yellow leaf.
기억의 상실은 노년에 자연스럽게 따라오는 부수물이다.

loss due to drunken accident is not covered by the policy.
음주 사고로 인한 손실은 보험으로 보상 받을 수 없습니다.

contact hermes travel at 020-7437-9188 or visit the brixton hill office in london.
020-7437-9188번으로 전화 주시거나 런던 브릭스톤 힐에 있는 사무실을 방문해 주시기 바랍니다.

joseph haydn was a composer in the classical period.
요셉 하이든은 고전주의 시대의 작곡가였다.

planner.
도시 계획의 입안자.

planner.
생활설계사.

planner.
계획 입안자.

eye color can also be affected by genes that affect pigmentation elsewhere.
눈 색깔은 또한 다른 곳의 색소 형성에 영향을 주는 유전자들에 의하여 영향을 받을 수도 있습니다.

internet products are being distributed globally in different languages , ranging from indonesian , to turkish , to russian.
인터넷 상품들은 인도네시아어 , 터키어 , 러시아어등 다양한 언어로 배포되고 있습니다.

james is from the upper crust , but he is penniless.
제임즈는 상류 사회 출신이지만 무일푼이다.

james says , a historian of television at the university of wisconsin's journalism school.
위스콘신 언론 대학의 텔레 비전 역사가인 제임스가 말한다.

james realized he was born on the wrong side of the blanket.
제임스는 자신이 서자로 태어난 걸 알았다.

james cox ma (cantab).
제임스 콕스 석사 (케임브리지 대학).

doubt.
의심.

doubt.
의아.

doubt.
의문.

maple.
단풍나무.

maple.
단풍나무 잎사귀.

maple.
신나무.

avaricious international bankers are hell-bent on destroying the economy in one way or another.
그는 탐욕스러운 사람이다.

however , i am not dogmatic on those issues.
그러나 나는 이 주제들에 대해서는 독단적이지 않다.

however , i must implore the paymaster general to widen her intellectual horizons.
그렇지만 , 나는 재무성 회계 장관께 그녀의 지식 범위를 넓혀야한다고 간청해야 한다.

however , i strongly recommend that you remain seated with your seatbelt fastened when you are not moving about the cabin.
그러나 기내를 돌아다니지 않을 때는 계속 안전 벨트를 착용하고 앉아계시기 바랍니다.

however , a good spa would not have done an exfoliating scrub on a sunburned person.
어쨌거나 , 좋은 스파는 피부가 심하게 탄 사람의 때를 밀지않았을 것이다.

however , a season on saturn's moon is equivalent to about seven years on earth as the orbital period is quite long.
그러나 , 토성 달에서 한 계절은 궤도 주기가 꽤 길어서 지구에서의 약7년과 맞먹는다.

however , in the past 200 years , human actions have endangered the sawfish.
하지만 , 지난 200년 동안에 , 인간의 행위는 이 톱상어를 위험해 처하게 했어요.

however , the next morning he was very surprised.
하지만 , 다음 날 아침 그는 매우 놀랐다.

however , the cause is very specific to me.
하지만 나에게 그 이유는 너무 특별(세밀)해.

however , the continual increase in oil has led to higher energy and gas prices throughout the country.
하지만 원유 값의 계속적인 인상으로 인해 에너지와 기름의 가격이 전국에 걸쳐 크게 상승했습니다.

however , you can have non-caffeinated herbal teas such as peppermint , chamomile or blends.
하지만 여러분은 페퍼민트 , 카모마일 혹은 섞어진 카페인이 없는 허브 티를 마실 수 있습니다.

however , this volume growth is not being translated into value growth because of deflation.
하지만 디플레이션 때문에 이러한 생산 규모의 성장을 생산액의 성장으로 보지는 않는다.

however , this definition is controversial as types of socialism like libertarian socialism oppose government ownership and instead desire social ownership by producers and consumers in direct democratic cooperatives and workers' councils , which contradict.
그러나 이 정의에는 논란이 있는데 자유 사회주의와 같은 형태의 사회주의에서는 정부 소유권에 반대하고 대신 직접 민주 연합체나 노동자 위원회를 통한 생산자와 소비자가 보유하는 사회적 소유권을 추구한다. 이는 국가 소유권의 사회주의 경제의 개념에 위배되는 것이다.

however , it was nazi germany that first utilized them in combat in world war ii.
하지만 , 그것을 제2차 세계대전에서 전투에 처음 사용한 것은 독일의 나찌였다.

however , we can design newer , pump-action toothpaste tubes.
하지만 , 우리는 더욱 새로워진 펌프연사식의 치약통을 디자인할 수 있다.

however , many mammals do not have a visible umbilicus.
그러나 , 많은 포유류들은 뚜렷한 배꼽을 가지고 있지 않다.

however , project coordinators hasten to add that compared to satellites , these cablers will require much more regular maintenance and repair due to corrosiveness and abrasion.
하지만 한편으로는 광케이블의 경우 침식과 부식 때문에 위성에 비해 정기적인 유지 보수 작업이 자주 필요할 것이라고 사업 관계자들은 덧붙이고 있다.

however , taking all things into consideration , the positive effects far outweigh the negative effects.
하지만 , 모든것을 고려해보면 , 긍정적 효과가 부정적 효과보다 훨씬 더 크다.

however , scientists have dubbed this natural phenomenon as aurora borealis , after the roman goddess of the dawn , aurora , and the greek name for north wind , boreas.
그러나 과학자들은 이 자연 현상을 로마의 새벽의 여신의 이름인 aurora와 , 북풍의 그리스명칭인 boreas에서 따와 " aurora borealis " 라고 명명했다.

however , blood should not thicken or coagulate when it is flowing through the body.
하지만 , 혈액은 몸 속을 흐를 때에 두꺼워지거나 응고되어서는 안됩니다.

however , smoking will be permitted outside the lobby and on the rear loading dock.
그러나 로비 바깥과 건물 뒤의 짐 싣는 구역에서는 흡연이 허용됩니다.

however , vitamin c , in particular , is known to be labile and therefore likely to be absent from a cooked food diet.
그러나 특히 비타민 c는 화학적 변화를 일으키기 쉬워 가열 조리된 음식에서는 발견되지 않는 것으로 알려져 있다.

however , panel member terrie taylor of michigan states university says it is no longer dependable.
하지만 , 자문위원인 미시건 주립대학교의 테리 테일러씨는 이 약이 이제는 더 이상 효력이 없다고 합니다.

however , vincent's childhood dream was to soar into space.
하지만 빈센트의 어린시절 꿈은 우주로 날아오르는 것 이었다.

however , saxitoxin is not particularly labile nor would rapid recovery be expected.
그러나 , 색시토신은 특별히 화확 변화를 일으키지도 빠른회복을 기대할수도 없다.

however this quickly turned into a moneymaking business that eventually lost its original purpose.
그러나 이것은 결과적으로 원래 목적을 상실한 돈벌이 사업으로 빠르게 전환되었다.

stupid cupid , you are a real mean guy.
바보 큐피트야 넌 정말 심술쟁이야.

consider the lack of attachment the boy's father has for his child.
그 소년의 아버지가 자신의 아이에 대한 애정이 결핍되어 있다는 점을 고려해 보세요.

consider spraying thin clothes with insect repellent containing deet or permethrin.
디트 또는 퍼메트린을 함유한 곤충 살충제를 뿌릴 수 있는 얇은 옷을 고려해주세요.

muslims believe in one god , allah.
무슬림들은 유일신 알라를 믿는다.

driven by curiosity , i sneaked a peak at his diary.
나는 호기심에 이끌려 그의 일기를 훔쳐봤다.

anger can lead to stress , heart attacks , or alcoholism.
화는 스트레스 , 심장 마비 또는 알코올 중독으로 이어질 수 있다.

passenger coaches must maintain the normal pressure in the same way as aircraft cabins.
여객 열차는 비행기 객실과 마찬가지로 정상적인 기압이 유지되도록 해야만 합니다.

avalanche , taking with him the exact location of the bodies.
불행히도 그는 그 사실을 3년간 혼자만 알고 지내다 비로소 일본은 등반가에게 털어놓았으나 다음날 눈사태로 시체들이 있는 정확한 위치는 그의 죽음과 함께 미궁 속으로 빠져버렸다.

level.
층.

level.
수준.

forced convective boiling heat transfer for r-407c inside a horizontal smooth tubes.
수평평활관내 r-407c 의 강제대류비등 열전달.

trapped people in world trade center , calling their families to say goodbye have fueled public outrage.
세계 무역 센터에 갇힌 사람들이 가족들에게 전화해서 마지막 인사를 한 것은 여론의 분노에 기름을 부었다.

distributed simulated annealing algorithm for optimization of plane frame steel structureson a cluster of personal computers.
네트워크 시스템을 이용한 2차원 철골 구조물의 최적설계를 위한 병렬sa 알고리즘.

aspirin.
아스피린.

aspirin is available without a prescription.
아스피린은 처방전 없이 구입할 수 있다.

aspirin sensitive patients should not take this product.
아스피린에 민감한 환자분들은 이 제품을 복용하지 마십시오.

counter offer.
반대제안.

document object model (dom) level 3 load and save specification.
문서 객체 모델 (dom) 레벨 3 불러오기와 저장하기.

factory workers do get promoted , but they never rise as high as the salaried white-collar employees , who can rise to the very top.
공장 노동자들도 승진을 하기는 하나 봉급생활을 하는 정신 노동자들만큼 높은 자리에 오르는 일은 결코 없다. 정신 노동자들은 최고 경영인.

factory workers do get promoted , but they never rise as high as the salaried white-collar employees , who can rise to the very top.
까지도 될 수가 있다.

homeless people of no fixed abode.
일정한 거주지가 없는 노숙자들.

conference.
협의회.

conference.
학술 대회.

conference speak books speakers guaranteed to deliver intellectually stimulating content and interactive programs chock full of information - that are entertaining too !.
컨퍼런트 스픽에서는 지적으로 흥미로운 내용과 , 많은 정보를 제공하면서도 재미있는 상호 작용을 하는 프로그램을 전달할 수 있는 확실한 연사들을 구해 드립니다.

conference speak books speakers guaranteed to deliver intellectually stimulating content and interactive programs chock full of information - that are entertaining too !.
컨퍼런트 스픽에서는 지적으로 흥미로운 내용과 , 많은 정보를 제공하면서도 재미있는 상호 작용을 하는 프로그램을 전달할 수 있는 확실한 연사들을 구해드립니다.

items marked with an asterisk are heart-healthy selections , which are low in fat and are made without salt.
별표가 표시된 메뉴들은 저지방에 소금을 넣지 않은 , 심장에 좋은 음식들입니다.

corn is growing on the stalks.
옥수수가 줄기에서 자라고 있다.

aside from local suppliers , none of minas's creditors has seen a centavo of the nearly 17.6 billion reals ($10.5 billion) they are owed.
지방 공급업체 외에 , 미나스의 채권자들 중 아무도 상환받아야 할 금액을 한 푼도 못 받았는데 , 그 금액은 176억레알 (105억달러) 에 이른다.

session timer profile based on sip.
sip 기반 세션 타이머 프로화일.

upon your decease , your son will inherit everything.
당신이 사망하면 당신의 아들이 모든 것을 상속받을 것입니다.

upon my soul , i did not meet him.
맹세코 나는 그를 만나지 않았다.

bottled.
병맥주.

bottled.
담기다.

bottled water does not deserve the nutritional label that most people give it for being pure , said a nutritionist cynthia sass.
" 대부분의 사람들은 깨끗한 물을 얻을 대가로 돈을 지불하는데 생수 병에는 영양소를 표기한 레이블을 쓸 가치도 없어요. " 라고 영양학자 신.

bottled water does not deserve the nutritional label that most people give it for being pure , said a nutritionist cynthia sass.
시아 사쓰가 말했어요.

distribution.
유통.

distribution.
물류.

distribution.
분배.

distribution.
스쿼럴 믹스드 넛츠와 스쿼럴 디럭스 믹스드 넛츠 제품을 책임지고 있으며 , 이 제품들에 대한 가격 책정 , 포장 , 유통 업무를 맡고 있습니다.

verification.
검증.

verification of seismic adequacy for outlier cabinets in korean operating power plant.
국내 가동 원전 예외기기 캐비닛의 내진적합성 검증.

verification of modal wind load estimation using the aeroelastic model test.
공력진동실험에 의한 모달 풍하중 산정기법 검증.

verification experiment and calculation of cooling load for a test space.
시험공간에 대한 냉방부하 실증실험 및 계산.

robust orthogonal gmm for speaker identification.
제19회 음성통신 및 신호처리 학술대회 논문집.

vibration control of the buildings with tuned mass damper under wind excitation.
풍하중을 받는 건물의 동조질량감쇠기를 이용한 진동 조절.

vibration control of tall buildings with tuned liquid damper.
동조액체감쇠장치를 이용한 초고층 건물의 진동제어.

vibration control for floor slabs using tuned mass damper.
동조질량감쇠기를 이용한 바닥슬래브의 진동제어.

personnel is responsible for hiring all custodial staff.
인사과에서 일체의 잡부 고용 업무를 맡고 있죠.

note , that other nuts can be substituted.
다른 견과류들이 대체될 수 있다는 사실을 알아두자.

catalog.
카탈로그.

money's value is directly linked to its availability.
돈의 가치는 그것이 가진 유효성에 직접적으로 연계되어 있다.

ip packet transfer and availability performance parameters.
ip 패킷 전달 및 가용도 성능 파라미터.

facts alone do not compose a book.
사실만으로 책이 되는 것은 아니다.

16 mbps asymmetric digital subscriber line(adsl) transceivers.
16mbps급 adsl기술표준.

facilities.
한국은 미국의 일부 육류처리 시설의 문제점을 이유로 미국산 쇠고기 수입 재개를 연기한다고 밝혔습니다.

art is not a handicraft , it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced. (lev tolstoy).
예술은 손으로 만든 작품이 아니라 예술가가 경험한 감정의 전달이다. (레프 톨스토이 , 예술명언).

art that had been confiscated by the nazis and not subsequently restituted should be identified.
나치에게 몰수되어 그 뒤에 반환되지 않은 예술품은 확인되어야 한다.

art nouveau 1892-1902 : fin de ci cle or a transient phase in modern architecture - in cases of v. horta , h. guimard and c. r. macintosh.
아르누보 건축의 역사적 특성에 관한 연구.

auxin.
옥신.

class..
비밀의.

absorption performance of a plate-fin type absorber in ammonia / water absrirption heat pump.
암모니아 흡수식 히트펌프에서의 플레이트 - 휜형 흡수기의 흡수 성능.

preliminary research for the optical packet switch development.
광교환 기반기술 연구.

preliminary design of high rise building with shear walls aci with journal , jan/1971.
내력벽을 가진 초고층 건물의 예비 설계.

preliminary results in ukraine's parliamentary elections show a tight race between the country's communist and reformist parties.
우크라이나 총선의 초반 결과에 따르면 , 공산당과 개혁성 정당들이 막상막하의 득표율을 보이고 있습니다.

heating performance of small gas-boiler on steady-state and cyclic operations.
소형 가스보일러의 정상상태 및 단속운전하의 난방성능.

heating energy saving characteristics of pcm wallboard.
pcm 축열 건자재의 난방에너지 절약 특성.

passive.
소극적.

passive.
수동적.

passive.
피동적.

retrofit measures based on seismic retrofit priority of existing bridges.
교량의 내진보강 우선순위를 이용한 합리적인 보강방안 선정기법.

thermal and fluid flow characteristics for the rectangular aquarium basin with swirl flow.
선회유동을 갖는 사각 수조내의 열과 유체유동의 특성.

thermal performance of opaque part of the curtain walls in buildings.
커튼월 불투명 벽체부의 열성능 평가에 관한 연구.

thermal analysis of a cryochamber with radiation shield for an infrared detector.
복사 차폐막이 설치된 적외선 검출기용 극저온 챔버의 열해석.

thermal analysis on triple - passage heat exehangers for a hot tube cooling system.
고온의 강관 냉각용 삼중 열교환기에 대한 열해석.

thermal conductivity measurement of grouting materials for geothermal heat exchanger.
그라우트 재료에 따른 지중 열교환기의 열전도도에 관한 실험적 연구.

comparison of the natural period obtained by eigenvalue analysis and ambient vibration measurement in bearing-wall type apartment.
고유치해석과 진동계측을 통한 벽식 공동주택의 고유주기 비교.

domestic abuse domestic violence is a huge issue around the world.
가정학대와 가정폭력은 세계적으로 커다란 이슈이다.

domestic partnerships , which are already in use in denmark and norway , is the answer , but it is not marriage.
이미 덴마크와 노르웨이에서 보편화된 동성간 동거가 해결책인데 , 그렇다고 결혼으로 인정한다는 것은 아니다.

equipped with a wireless modem , the lizzie can transform a person into a walking internet portal.
무선 모뎀을 갖추고 있는 리찌는 사람이 걸어 다니면서도 인터넷에 접속할 수 있게 합니다.

cancellation.
취소.

cancellation.
해약.

autunite.
인회우라늄광.

memory behavior in scientific vs. commercial applications.
1999년도 대한전자공학회 정기총회 및 추계종합학술대회.

life. (diane frolov).
만약 불 난 집에서 고양이와 렘브란트의 그림을 봤다면 무엇을 구할 것인가 ? 고양이를 구해야 한다. 고양이는 살아 있기 때문이다. 예술은.

life. (diane frolov).
죽었다. 예술은 캔버스 위의 물감이나 종이 위의 잉크에 불과하다. 예술을 위해 사는 것은 인생을 부정하는 것과 같다. 그것은 인생을 파괴할.

life. (diane frolov).
뿐이다. (다이앤 프롤로브 , 예술명언).

deer had stripped the tree of its bark.
사슴들이 그 나무의 껍질을 다 벗겨 놓은 상태였다.

deer had stripped all the bark off the tree.
사슴들이 그 나무의 껍질을 다 벗겨 놓은 상태였다.

stolen fruit tastes sweet. or stolen kisses are sweet.
훔쳐먹는 맛이 그만이다.

unawares.
멋모르고.

unawares.
무망중.

process a few seconds more to create the chunks in your chunky peanut butter.
덩어리가 든 땅콩 버터에 덩어리가 생기게 하기 위해서 몇 초간 더 처리하세요.

completion.
완료.

completion.
완성.

completion.
수료.

completion.
lsst(large synoptic survey telescope) 프로젝트는 칠레에 있는 산꼭대기에 만들어지면서 완성되면 8.4미터 높이에 이를 것으로 기대된다.

completion of the renaissance classicism and bramante.
르네상스 고전주의 건축의 완성과 브라만테.

completion of calls to busy scbscriber (ccbs) - stage 3.
imt2000 3gpp - ccbs 부가 서비스 ; 3단계.

collect change in a jar for a whole month.
한 달 내내 단지에 동전을 모으시오.

november 4th : korea loses taste for kimchi the korean food and drug administration (kfda) announced on this day that korean-made kimchi was also infested with parasitic eggs , much like the kimchi made in china.
11월 4일 : 한국 , 김치 맛을 잃어버리다 식품의약안전관리본부(이하 식약청)는 이날 중국산 김치와 마찬가지로 국내산 김치에서도 기생충 알 이 검출되었다고 전했다.

blow.
불다.

blow.
타격.

rush me a bag , i am sick.
빨리 비닐봉지 좀 갖다 줘 , 토할 것 같아.

capable of using 480 liters of water per hour , the 2300a operates at a maximum pressure equivalent to 2 , 610psi , while the 2500a delivers 600 liters of water per hour at 2 , 755psi.
시간당 480 리터의 물을 소비하는 2300a는 최대압력인 2 , 610psi에서 작동합니다.반면 2500a는 2 , 755psi에서 시간당 600 리터의 물을 운반.

oxygen.
산소.

oxygen.
액체 산소.

medical students study cadavers at medical school.
의대생들은 학교에서 해부용 시체들을 가지고 공부한다.

determine how user authentication and cookies should be handled.
사용자 인증과 쿠키를 처리하는 방법을 결정합니다.

problems and their solutions of subcontract payment bond system in korean construction industry.
하도급대금 지급보증 제도의 문제점과 개선방안.

request a new certificate using the same key as the selected certificate.
선택한 인증서와 같은 키를 사용하여 새 인증서를 요청합니다.

friday , i think. have you begun working on it yet ?.
금요일이라고 생각해. 보고서 작성을 시작했니 ?.

healthy delicacy.
그 코브라는 평균길이가 3.7m인 세상에서 가장 긴 독성을 가진 뱀이다. 하지만 그것 또한 베트남 사람들은 보양식품으로써 본다.

saturday.
토요일.

criminal.
범죄자.

criminal.
죄인.

minister.
찌엣 신임 국가주석은 중앙은행 총재와 군 장교 출신의 응웬떤중 수석부총리를 차기 총리로 지명했습니다.

minister.
목사.

minister.
장관.

minister.
목회자.

manufacture.
제작.

manufacture.
가공.

engineers call a structure like this a 'spillway'.
엔지니어들은 이와같은 구조물을 배수로라 부른다.

evaluating the traffic impacts of high-density development in the downtown of seoul.
도심고밀개발 전략의 교통영향분석.

designing a smart damping system to mitigate structure vibration and its numerical verification.
구조물의 진동 완화를 위한 스마트 감쇠 시스템의 설계.

autonomy.
자율.

autonomy.
자치.

autonomy.
자주성.

period of the strength correction of the concrete with the temperature level based on meteorological data.
기상자료를 이용한 콘크리트의 단계별 기온보정강도 적용기간 산정.

rural.
농촌의.

rural.
전원의.

islamic jihad , which did not accept a ceasefire with israel , claimed responsibility for today's rocket assaults.
이스라엘과의 휴전을 받아들이지 않고 있는 회교 지하드는 이날 로케트포 공격이 자신들의 소행이라고 밝혔습니다.

participation in sports is considered a positive qualification for college admission.
고등학교에서 스포츠 선수로 활약한 경험은 대학 진학에 유리한 자격조건이 되기도 한다.

agricultural and pastoral practices.
농업 및 목축 활동.

peoples.
민족 자결.

peoples.
민족 자결주의.

central bankers are hardly looking at a robust economy.
세계각국의 중앙은행들은 경제침체가 지속될 거라고 보고 있다.

demonstrators also expressed anger at afghanistan's police force - burning their vehicles and accusing officers of corruption and inability.
시위자들은 아프간 경찰에 대해서도 분노를 표출하면서 경찰 차량을 방화하고 , 경찰관들의 부패와 무능력을 비난했습니다.

demonstrators marched through the streets holding banners.
시위대는 플래카드를 들고 거리를 행진했다.

requirement.
압축하중에 대한 기둥 베이스판 접합부의 lrfd 설계절차 일반화.

capital punishment is much like a double-edged sword.
사형은 양날의 칼과 많이 비슷하다.

built.
뚫리다.

built.
닦이다.

built.
체구가 크다.

characteristics of vertical vibration transfer in vertical way according to structural systems.
구조시스템에 따른 수직진동의 수직방향 진동전달 특성.

characteristics of energy consumption for a household refrigerator under influence of non-condensable gases.
가정용 냉장고의 불응축 가스량에 따른 소비 전력 특성.

characteristics of regional innovation activity and spatial pattern using data of community innovation survey.
지역혁신조사(cis)데이터를 이용한 지역혁신활동의 특성과 공간적 패턴.

characteristics of modified asphalt mixtures using sulfur.
황이 첨가된 개질 아스팔트 혼합물의 특성.

characteristics of particle deposition onto cleanroom wall panel for varying particle charging rates.
입자하전량에 따른 클린룸 수직벽체로의 입자침착 특성.

characteristics of photo-conversion glass with eu3+ and its use(1) : glass production and photo-conversion characteristics.
eu3+가 첨가된 광변환 유리의 특성과 효과연구.

characteristics reliability test procedure for fiber optic terminators.
광 터미네이터 특성 및 신뢰성 시험절차.

tendency in evolution on housing form and necessary counter measure.
주거형태변천추이와 대응책.

needs for shared community space of small-sized apartment housing dwellers.
소형 아파트 거주자들의 주민전용 공동공간 요구도에 관한 조사연구.

diplomatic.
외교의.

measures to reflect the wto negotiation on agriculture on ntc.
wto 농업협상에 ntc 반영 방안.

measures to strengthen the animal disease control system in korea.
가축 방역 시스템 강화방안.

america's policy was one that contained the spread of communism in eastern europe.
미국의 정책은 동유럽에서 공산주의의 확산을 억제하는 것이었다.

america's energy problems are partially self-correcting.
아메리카의 에너지 문제의 일부는 자동 수정이다.

diencephalon.
간뇌.

temperature change in body parts right after maximal exercise.
최대운동 직후 신체부위별 체온변화에 관한 연구.

auto..
소닉 오토모티브.

auto..
그룹 1 오토모티브.

modeling of the safety distance between defrost heater and plastic inner wall of refrigerator.
제상 히터와 냉장고 플라스틱 내벽 사이의 안전거리에 대한 모델링.

thermodynamic performance of 2-pcm latent heat thermal energy storage system.
2-pcm 잠열축열 시스템의 열역학적 성능.

thermodynamic analysis of an absorption heat pump heating system with libr-water solution.
2중 효용 흡수식의 히트펌프의 난방 성능 해석.

thermodynamic properties of r-32 ( difluoromethane ) and initial evaluation of thermodynamic performance as a r-22 alternative refrigerant.
대체냉매 r-32 ( difluoromethane ) 의 열역학적 물성과 r-22 대체냉매로서 열역학적 성능의 초기 평가.

simulation of refrigeration system with mpcm slurry.
마이크로캡슐 잠열재 적용 냉동기의 성능 시뮬레이션.

simulation model for dissolution of liquid co2 discharged at intermediate depth of ocean.
중층심해에 분사된 액체 이산화탄소 용해 예측모델 개발.

truck.
물물 교환.

truck drivers stop to eat at diners on the highway.
트럭 운전사들은 고속도로변의 간이 식당에 차를 세우고 식사한다.

trend.
추세.

trend.
동향.

trend.
트렌드.

prediction.
예측.

prediction of heating cooling coil load in air-conditioning system of cleanroom.
클린룸 공조설비에서 냉온수코일의 부하량예측에 관한 연구.

making yawning a natural alternative to tobacco.
하품이 자연적으로 담배의 효과를 내는 셈이죠.

automobile exhaust is thought to deplete the ozone layer.
자동차 배기가스는 오존층의 두께를 격감시킨다.

walking is the best possible exercise. habituate yourself to walk very far. (thomas jefferson).
걷기는 최고의 운동이다. 멀리 걷기를 습관화하라. (토마스 제퍼슨 , 건강명언).

walking around the market by myself is abominable work for me.
시장을 혼자 돌아다니는 일은(혼자서 장을 보는 일은) 내게는 끔찍한 일이다.

walking along bongha village , i feel like i can sympathize with his severe pain , said one mourner from seoul.
" 봉하 마을을 따라 걷다 보면 , 저는 그가 겪었던 심한 고통을 공감할 수 있을 것 같습니다. " 라고 서울에서 온 한 조문객이 말했습니다.

pollution is not the only thing.
오염이 유일한 것은 아니다.

pass me the dishtowel , so i can dry the dishes.
제게 행주를 주시면 접시의 물기를 닦을께요.

french is included in the curriculum.
이수 과정 중에는 프랑스 어가 있다.

french ambassador jean-marc de la sabliere , who holds the security council presidency for july , wednesday predicted prompt action on the japanese draft resolution.
유엔 안전보장이사회의 7월 의장국인 프랑스의 장-마르크 데 라 사브리에르 유엔주재대사는 6일 , 일본이 제출한 결의안이 신속히 처리될 것 이라고 전망했습니다.

french filmmaker louis leterrier who directed the transporter is on board this time to direct the green giant towards success at the box office.
" the transporter " 이란 영화를 감독했던 프랑스 영화제작자 louis leterrier은 박스오피스의 성공을 향한 녹색 거인을 감독하기 위해 이번에 한 배를 탔다.

henry has a pile of books.
헨리는 책 한 무더기를 가지고 있다.

henry chinaski (mickey rourke) is a talented writer of prolific prose ; unfortunately , he's also a skid-row alcoholic with a violent temper.
henry chinaski(mickey rourke)는 다작의 산문을 쓴 재능있는 작가 이지만 불행하게도 그는 난폭한 성질을 가지고 있는 사회 밑바닥에 있 는 알코올 중독자 이기도 하다.

ford is one of the rare actors whose offscreen self seems to meld seamlessly with his on-screen persona.
사실 포드는 스크린에서의 모습과 본래의 모습이 거의 동일한 보기 드문 배우 중 하나이다.

chips ahoy !, oreo cookies , pepsi , coca-cola , artificial fruit juices , kit kat big kat , snickers and starburst fruit chews made the worst snacks.
chips ahoy !, 오레오 쿠키 , 펩시 , 코카-콜라 , 인공 과일 주스 , 킷캣빅캣 , 스니커즈 그리고 스타버스트 과일 카라멜이 가장 나쁜 간식으로 지정 되었다.

prime minister-designate nouri al-maliki has until may 21st to submit a cabinet to the iraqi parliament for approval.
누리 알 말리키 이라크 총리 지명자는 오는 21일까지 새 내각 명단을 국회에 제출해 승인을 받아야 합니다.

postal charges to countries in zone 2.
제2지역에 속하는 국가들에 대한 우편료.

racing in cool , rainy weather , limo and lel ran side by side for most of the final two kilometers before limo surged ahead in the final meters.
우중에 치춰진 경기에서 나란히 선두로 달리던 끝에 리모 선수가 결승선을 불과 몇 미터 앞두고 마틴 렐 선수를 제쳐 우승을 차지했습니다.

specifications for 2.3ghz band portable internet service - interoperability and conformance test specification.
2.3ghz 휴대인터넷 표준 - 상호호환성 시험 규격.

specifications for 2.3ghz band portable internet service - mac layer.
2.3ghz 휴대인터넷 표준 - 매체접근제어계층.

strictly speaking the uk is not in a liquidity trap yet , but we may end up there soon.
엄밀히 말하면 영국은 아직 유동성의 덫에 걸리지 않았지만 , 곧 그 끝에 닿을것이다.

automata.
오토마톤.

halfway through i lost the thread of the story.
도중에 이야기의 줄거리를 놓쳤다.

halfway through the exam , i turned into an automaton and was writing without thinking.
시험이 반쯤 끝나갈 무렵 나는 자동 인형으로 변해서 아무 생각 없이 답을 쓰고 있었다.

writing the book took ten months of hard slog.
그 책을 쓰는 데는 열 달 동안의 엄청난 고투가 필요했다.

developments of cellular automata model for the urban growth.
도시성장 분석 및 예측을 위한 셀룰라 오토마타 모델 개발.

cellular cdma downlink beamforming in multipath environments.
제4회 cdma 국제학술대회.

application of new connecting system of wood structures using bamboo connector.
대나무 접합물을 이용한 목조건물의 새로운 접합 시스템의 적용예.

application of decision making model of collaboration design by coordinator.
조정자를 통한 협력설계 의사결정 모델 적용 방안.

application of friction pendulum system for reduction of torsional deformation of irregular structures.
비정형 구조물의 비틀림 저감을 위한 마찰진자시스템의 적용.

application of modular coordination for increased flexibility of apartment unit design.
주호 평면구성을 위한 수법의 m.c.화를 위한 기초적 연구.

application of oxyfuel combustion to power generation systems.
순산소 연소기술의 발전시스템에의 적용.

application of stormwater detention faciliies for reducing off lood damage in seoul.
서울시 침수피해 저감을 위한 우수저류시설 적용방안.

application of gasification melting process of solid wastes focused on recycling.
가스화 용융시설을 이용한 폐기물의 전량 재활용에 관한 연구.

application for heating and cooling system using sewage water.
100rt급 하수열원 냉난방시스템 적용.

application study of the predictive pulse control for floor heating system.
바닥난방을 위한 부하 예측식 펄스제어 방식의 적용성 연구.

application " %s " (%s) can not be marked as default because its registration is incomplete.
%s (%s) 응용 프로그램은 등록을 완료하지 않았으므로 기본 프로그램으로 표시할 수 없습니다.

landscape design for sanbon new town.
군포산본지구조경기본설계.

projects here usually take five to 10 years to develop. ideas that early on may seem , well , rather batty.
이곳에서는 대개 프로젝트를 진척시키는 데 5년에서 10년 정도의 시간이 소요됩니다. 초기 단계에선 다소 터무니없는 아이디어 같아 보일지도 모르죠.

industrial sponsorship is a supplement to government funding.
산업 지원이 정부 기금에 추가된다.

remote assistance connection could not be established because a socket connection could not be established.
소켓 연결을 만들지 못했기 때문에 원격 지원 연결을 만들지 못했습니다.

residential.
주택가.

residential.
주택 지대.

residential.
주거 지역.

residential design characteristics for the elderly's health life quality through elderly care home is sweden.
스웨덴 노인보호주택을 대상으로 한 노인 건강과 삶의 질을 위한 주거환경특성연구.

data is written to the cd-rom by burning microscopic pits into the reflective surface of the disk with a powerful laser.
데이터는 강력한 레이저로 그 디스크의 반사면에 미세한 구멍을 구워 cd 롬에 쓰여 진다.

data source %s is invalid. the data source contains fewer than two data samples.
%s 데이터 원본이 올바르지 않습니다. 데이터 원본에 1개 이하의 데이터 샘플이 포함되어 있습니다.

digital architecture and analogue man.
디지털 건축과 아날로그 인간.

assessment of the impact factor and the stress histogram of railway bridges in korea.
국내 강철도 교량의 충격계수 및 응력빈도분포의 평가.

assessment of asp for the construction industry.
건설 산업 asp 평가 및 우선 적용 건설업무기능의 도출.

feasibility of district heating-gas turbine co-generation system using natural gas in korea.
천연가스를 이용한 가스터빈 열병합발전-지역난방시스템의 국내적용.

feasibility study on sewage water by district energy heat source.
집단에너지 열원으로서의 하수열이용 타당성 검토.

feasibility study for introducing teleoperated pipe manipulator.
흄관 매설작업의 자동화 장비도입에 대한 타당성 분석.

engineering design of termination cryostat for hts power cable.
고온초전도 전력케이블 단말cryostat 공학설계.

engineering properties of concrete with various incorporating ratios of limestone crushed aggregate.
석회암 잔골재의 치환율 변화에 따른 콘크리트의 공학적 특성.

engineering properties of concrete using ae water reducing agent of early-strength type.
조기강도 발현형 ae감수제를 사용한 콘크리트의 공학적 특성.

cleaning.
청소.

cleaning.
소제.

cleaning.
클리닝.

advanced technology has made many of yesterday's jobs obsolete.
첨단 기술로 기존의 여러 일자리들이 쓸모없게 되었다.

advanced technology disable many of yesterday's jobs obsolete.
첨단 기술로 기존의 여러 일자리들을 쓸모없게 만들었다.

standard for security conformance and interoperability test of ebxml registry.
ebxml 레지스트리 보안 적합성 및 상호운용성 검사 지침.

standard for transaction internet protocol - requirements and supplemental information.
트랜잭션 인터넷 프로토콜 - 요구사항과 추가정보.

standard chartered already makes two thirds of its profit in asia and has been keen to gain a foothold in south korea.
이미 자사 총 이익의 2/3를 아시아 지역에서 거두고 있는 스탠다드차터드은행은 그 동안 한국 시장에 거점을 마련하기 위한 기회를 노리고 있었습니다.

automaticteller.
현금 자동 지급기.

restoration comedy , french farce and vaudevillian slapstick.
왕정복고 시대 희극 , 프랑스 소극 그리고 보드빌의 몸개그.

yes , i would not miss it for all the world.
그럼 , 그 모임에 꼭 참석할 거야.

yes , i have accepted a job as a software engineer for a large firm in houston.
네 , 휴스턴에 있는 대기업에 소프트웨어 엔지니어로 가게 됐어요.

yes , i feel slothful , yes i feel sloppy.
응 , 나는 무기력하고 엉성하게 느껴 지네.

yes , i play tennis twice a week.
네 , 나는 1주일에 두 번 테니스를 쳐요.

yes , a bit like the conservative party.
네 , 보수당과 약간은 비슷합니다.

yes , but i can not find one i can afford.
네 , 하지만 내 형편에 맞는 걸 찾을 수가 없네요.

yes , but they are cheaper by the carton.
네 , 하지만 상자 단위로 사면 더 싸요.

yes , but only after your probation.
그렇습니다. 하지만 수습기간이 지난 후에만 가능합니다.

yes , at 7 p.m. , let's gather firewood and make a bonfire.
그래 , 7시에 장작을 모아 모닥불을 피우자.

yes , the logo looks a little old-fashioned.
네 , 그 로고는 좀 구식인 것 같아요.

yes , this is the man responsible for the amazing story of robinson crusoe.
네 , 이 사람은 놀라운 이야기 " 로빈슨 크루소 " 의 작가입니다.

yes , me too. he's a valuable part of our team.
나도 그래요. 그는 우리 팀에서 중요한 역할을 하고 있잖아요.

yes , it's the perfect house for the multitasker.
그들에게 있어서 방정식은 간단하다. 정신을 딴 데 파는 운전자는 안전하지 않고 운전을 하면서 여러가지 일을 하려는 사람들은 그렇지 않은.

yes , it's the perfect house for the multitasker.
사람들보다 보험료를 더 많이 내야 될 것이다.

yes , could i speak to marshal mcleod , please ?.
네 마샬 맥리오드씨와 통화 가능할까요 ?.

yes , and i do not understand why. it did well in the focus groups we used before the launch.
네 , 하지만 잘 이해가 안 돼요. 제품 출시하기 전에 소비자 그룹을 대상으로 테스트할 때는 반응이 좋았었잖아요.

yes , i'd like some jam or marmalade , please.
네 , 잼이나 마멀레이드를 주세요.

yes man.
묵종.

yes man.
묵낙.

yes ma'am , what can i do for you ?.
예 , 부인 뭘 도와드릴까요.

luggage.
수하물.

click the next button and you will skip the rest of the registration section.
단추를 클릭하면 나머지 등록 과정을 건너뛸 수 있습니다.

click finish to launch the recovery application.
복구 응용 프로그램을 시작하려면 을 클릭하십시오.

click here to learn more about xeroderma pigmentosum.
색소성 건피증에 대해 더 알고 싶다면 여기를 누르세요.

click here for your subscription application form.
구독 신청서는 여기를 클릭하세요.

click new to register a new server and enable it as a publisher.
새 서버를 등록하고 게시자로 사용하려면 새로 만들기를 클릭하십시오.

button.
단추.

button.
구독자에 대한 기본 동기화 일정과 로그인 정보를 설정하려면 해당 구독자를 선택하고 속성(..) 단추를 클릭하십시오.

button.
버튼.

button.
배지.

move.
움직이다.

move.
이주.

opens an existing consoleopen an existing console.
기존의 콘솔을 엽니다.기존의 콘솔을 엽니다.

bar patron mia stern's friend was assaulted.
술집손님 미아 스턴의 친구는 폭행을 당했다.

setup is now copying the installation files to your computer.
사용자 컴퓨터에 설치 파일을 복사하고 있습니다.

setup can not uninstall windows xp because there is not enough disk space.
디스크 공간이 부족하기 때문에 windows xp를 제거할 수 없습니다.

setup manager can not determine the local computer's name.
로컬 컴퓨터 이름을 결정할 수 없습니다.

setup found that some of your computer hardware and software may be incompatible with windows whistler.
사용자 컴퓨터의 하드웨어 및 소프트웨어 일부가 windows whister와 호환되지 않을 수 있습니다.

setup checks your computer for compatibility with windows whistler.
사용자 컴퓨터가 windows whistler와 호환되는지 확인합니다.

ventilation performance analysis of cycle racing dome.
경륜 돔 경기장의 환기성능 평가.

automatic teller machines (atms) were first developed in america.
현금 자동 입출금기(atms)는 미국에서 처음 개발되었다.

automatic gunfire reverberated through the city.
자동 기관총의 총성이 시내에 울렸습니다.

wash and peel apples and cut into eighths.
씻고 사과의 껍질을 벗긴다음 여덟개로 잘라라.

shift strategy to construction cals of information circulation project.
정보유통공동사업의 건설cals 연계방안 연구.

exposure to the sun triggers a hormone that in turn triggers the production of melanin , which forms a tan.
햇볕에 노출되면 호르몬이 분비되고 , 이 호르몬은 다시 멜라닌의 생산을 촉진하여 피부가 황갈색을 띄게 만든다.

exposure to ultraviolet light is closely linked to skin cancer.
자외선 노출은 피부암과 밀접하게 관련되어 있다.

option to detect network has been turned off.
네트워크 검색 옵션이 꺼졌습니다.

camera.
카메라.

camera.
사진기.

camera.
카메라에 익숙한.

profile.
프로필.

profile.
약력.

profile.
옆모습을 그리다.

america at the time were 13 colonies under the rule of great britain.
미국은 그 당시 영국의 통치하에 있던 13개의 식민지였다.

america must confront threats before they fully materialize.
미국은 협박이 모두 다 실현되기 전에 그것들과 직면해야 한다.

america has become a warrior nation.
미국은 전사의 나라가 되었다.

america wanted to prevent the spread of communism.
미국은 공산주의의 확산을 막고 싶어했다.

america ranks top in the production of automobiles.
미국은 자동차 생산에 있어 1위를 차지한다.

multi - level sensitivity analysis for design of optimum monitoring system design.
최적계측시스템선정을 위한 다단계민감도분석기법.

multi stages prestress composite girder.
msp 합성거더의 기술적 특징.

properties of recycled aggregate concrete using recycled fine aggregate by the dry-production with cyclone.
싸이클론 건식공정으로 생산된 재생 잔골재가 콘크리트의 기초특성에 미치는 영향.

computers do us good , but they can do us harm , too.
컴퓨터는 우리에게 이롭기도 하지만 우리에게 해를 줄 수도 있다.

automate.
오토메이션화하다.

automate.
매표 업무를 자동화하다.

automate.
생산 라인을 완전 자동화하다.

enter a name and a certification practice statement (cps) location for the new policy , and if necessary change the object identifier.
새 정책의 이름 및 인증서 사용 약관(cps) 위치를 입력하고 , 필요하면 개체 식별자를 변경하십시오.

enter a name and cps location for the new issuance policy , and then accept the suggested object id or enter a new one.
새 발급 정책의 이름 및 cps 위치를 입력한 다음 추천된 개체 id를 받아들이거나 새 개체 id를 입력하십시오.

enter the home and walk through a cozy entryway that leads into the pleasant dining room with wall-to-wall carpeting.
집 안으로 들어가 아늑한 현관으로 들어서면 바닥 전체에 카펫이 깔린 거실이 나온다.

enter the home and walk through a cozy entryway that leads into the pleasant dining room with wallto-wall carpeting.
집 안으로 들어가 아늑한 현관으로 들어서면 바닥 전체에 카펫이 깔린 거실이 나온다.

essential tools for effective communicators improve your listening skills , develop your own interpersonal communication style and become an effective coach and mentor.
유능한 커뮤니케이터가 되기 위한 필수 도구 청취 기술을 향상시키고 나만의 커뮤니케이션 방식을 개발하여 유능한 리더가 되어 보세요.

essential oils from herbs such as peppermint , fennel , anise , cinnamon and ginger are a natural way to ease digestive symptoms from indigestion to constipation.
페퍼민트 , 회향 , 아니스 , 시나몬 그리고 생강 같은 허브로 만든 에센셜 오일은 소화불량에서 변비까지 소화적인 증상을 완화시키는 자연적인 방법입니다.

configuration manager : the device is disabled for this configuration.
구성 관리자 : 이 구성에 대해 장치를 사용할 수 없습니다.

configuration manager : the supplied logical configuration parameter is invalid.
구성 관리자 : 제공한 논리 구성 매개 변수가 잘못되었습니다.

configuration manager : this routine is not implemented in this version of the operating system.
구성 관리자 : 현재 버전의 운영 체제에서는 실행할 수 없는 루틴입니다.

raised in the reverent atmosphere of the greek orthodox church , music became an important part of his life from an early age as he sat in the congregation and listened to the choir.
그리스 정교회 교회의 경건한 분위기에서 성장하면서 , 교회 회합에 앉아 성가대 음악을 들었기 때문에 음악은 어린 시절부터 그의 삶의 중요 한 부분이 되었습니다.

steady laminar free convection heat transfer from a sphere with uniform surface heat flux.
표면의 열속이 일정한 구로 부터의 정상층류 자연대류 열전달.

star trek was a science fiction show about the crew of a space ship that explored the universe.
스타트랙은 우주를 탐사하는 우주선의 우주인에 관한 공상과학물이다.

video coding for low bit rate communication - annex t : modified quantization.
저비트율 통신을 위한 비디오 부호화 - 부록 t : 개량 양자화 모드.

video coding for low bit rate communication - annex l : supplemental enhanced information specification.
저비트율 통신을 위한 비디오 부호화 - 부록 l : 보조 개선 정보 규격.

manage.
운영.

manage.
부리다.

customer demands required us to open a branch near the downtown harbor.
고객 여러분의 성원에 힘입어 저희는 항구 중심부 부근에 매장을 열게 되었습니다.

japan's neighbors.
오자와 당수는 야스쿠니 신사는 고이즈미 총리가 이웃국가들로부터 비판 받지 않고 참배할 수 있도록 원래 형태로 복구돼야 한다고 말했습 니다.

japan's vice foreign minister , shotaro yachi , and his south korean counterpart , yu myung-hwan , held an initial 90-minute meeting in seoul late friday.
서울을 긴급 방문한 일본 외무성의 야치 쇼타로 사무차관과 한국 외교통상부의 유명환 제1차관은 금요일 , 90분 동안 회담을 갖았다.

assets substitution analysis by profitability of office rental market in seoul.
서울 오피스 임대시장의 수익성에 대한 자산 대체성 분석.

stakeholder.
판돈을 맡는 사람.

stakeholder a is creative in her perspective.
a 주주는 그녀만의 창의적인 문제해결감각을 갖고 있습니다.

hyundai asan , the corporation that organized the three major inter-korean projects , lost its leader , jung mong-hun to suicide on august 4.
8월 4일 , 세 번에 걸쳐 중요한 남북 협력 프로젝트를 성사시킨 현대아산 그룹이 리더 정몽헌씨를 자살로 인해 잃었다.

cars are going to be slipping and sliding all over the road.
여기저기서 미끄러지는 차들이 많이 생기겠어.

cars spun out and hundreds of motorists were stopped in their tracks.
차들이 커브를 돌면서 튀어 나갔고 수백명의 운전자들이 그 자리에서 멈추었다.

reliability is the extent to which the test results are dependable and consistent.
신뢰도는 얼마만큼 그 결과가 믿을만 하고 일관되는 지 그 정도를 의미한다.

reliability - based determination of code parameters - 2 - determination of load factors.
구조 설계 규준에서 신뢰성을 기초로 한 계수의 결정 : reliability - based determination of code parameters - 2.

almost.
거의.

almost.
하마터면.

almost.
대강.

almost everyone agreed that actor clark gable should play the hero , rhett butler.
대부분의 사람들이 남자 주인공인 레트 버틀러 역을 클라크 게이블이 맡는 데 동의했습니다.

automakers are luring buyers with cash rebate.
자동차 회사들이 현금 리베이트로 구매자들을 유혹하고 있다.

create , edit , and activate scopes , superscopes , and multicast scopes ; monitor scope leasing activity ; and create reservations for dhcp clients.
범위 , 대범위 및 멀티캐스트 범위를 만들기 , 편집 및 활성화할 수 있으며 범위 임대 작업을 모니터할 수 있습니다. 또한 dhcp 클라이언트에 대한 예약을 만.

create , edit , and activate scopes , superscopes , and multicast scopes ; monitor scope leasing activity ; and create reservations for dhcp clients.
들 수 있습니다.

create , edit , and activate scopes , superscopes , and multicast scopes ; monitor scope leasing activity ; and create reservations for dhcp clients.
대한 예약을 만들 수 있습니다.

create , edit , and activate scopes , superscopes , and multicast scopes ; monitor scope leasing activity ; and create reservations for dhcp clients.
범위 , 대범위 및 멀티캐스트 범위를 만들기 , 편집 및 활성화할 수 있으며 범위 임대 작업을 모니터할 수 있습니다. 또한 dhcp 클라이언트에.

introduced to us as a new actress , she plays a seductive temptress.
새로운 여배우로 우리에게 소개되면서 그녀는 유혹적인 요부를 연기한다.

reduce heat and cook potatoes until tender.
불을 줄이고 고구마가 부드러워질 때까지 찐다.

reduce heat and simmer until all sugar is dissolved.
불을 줄이고 설탕이 녹을때까지 끓이세요.

injuries consistent with a fall from an upper storey.
위층에서 굴러 떨어질 때 생기는 것과 일치하는 부상.

estimates of the death toll vary , but well over 100 , 000 people are feared killed in the two countries.
사망자들의 추정 수치는 바뀌고 있지만 , 두 나라의 사망자 수는 10만 명을 훨씬 넘을 것으로 보입니다.

autolysin.
자기분해제.

abnormal psychology is the study of maladaptive behaviors.
변태 (이상)심리학은 비순응성 행동에 대한 연구이다.

antibodies from the mother' s milk line the baby' s intestine and prevent infection.
모유에서 나오는 항독소는 아기의 장을 채워 감염을 방지한다.

permanent government.
콘돌리자 라이스 미국 국무장관은 토요일에 이는 이라크의 영구 정부 구성에 있어서 하나의 중요한 이정표라고 치하했습니다.

permanent security council members france , britain and the united states support the japanese resolution.
유엔 안전보장이사회의 프랑스와 영국 , 미국은 일본의 결의안을 지지하고 있습니다.

mercury is a liquid at room temperature.
수은은 실온에서는 액체이다.

mercury is the closest planet to the sun.
수성은 태양에서 가장 가까운 행성이다.

mercury toxicity has been reported since the first century when roman prisoners were sentenced to work in cinnabar mines.
수은 유독성은 로마의 수감자들이 진사광에서 일하도록 선고 받은 첫 세기부터 보고되어왔습니다.

creates a new user , copying information from the selected user.
새 사용자를 만들며 , 선택한 사용자에서 정보를 복사합니다.

creates and manages distributed file systems that connect shared folders from different computers.
공유 폴더를 다른 컴퓨터에서 연결하는 분산 파일 시스템을 만들고 관리합니다.

tooth decay can result from poor care of your teeth.
치아 관리를 잘못하면 충치가 생길 수 있다.

arthritis that affects the metacarpal-carpal joint in the thumb is particularly common.
장골 : 손바닥에 있는 긴 뼈인 장골은 내재하는 손 근육을 지지하고 손가락 굴근과 신근 힘줄에 대한 골격을 제공합니다.

asthma.
천식.

asthma.
기천.

asthma.
천식의 발작.

soccer is the national sport of more countries than any other sport.
축구는 다른 어떤 종목보다 더 많은 국가에서의 국민 스포츠입니다.

soccer became a sports game that is loved by close to 3 billion people worldwide.
축구는 전세계적으로 30억의 사람들에세 사랑받는 운동 경기다.

soccer fans now believe huh's safety-first approach against low profile opponents like jordan and turkmenistan was more a confession than soccer strategy.
축구 팬들은 이제 요르단이나 투르크메니스탄 같은 저자세의 적에 대한 허코치의 안전 제일 접근이 축구 전략보다는 자백이었다고 믿고 있 습니다.

soccer prodigy , park chu-young has recently showed the world that korea is not just about park ji-sung.
축구 신동 , 박주영이 최근 한국엔 박지성만 있는 것이 아니라고 세계에 보여줬다.

violinist isaac stern personally arranged for the child star to study at new york's julliard school of music under famed cellist leonard rose.
바이올리니스트 아이작 스턴은 이 어린 첼로 스타가 뉴욕의 줄리어드 음악원에서 유명한 첼리스트 레너드 로즈 밑에서 음악을 배울 수 있도록 직접 주선해 주었습니다.

legend has it that the man who pulls out this sword becomes king.
전설에 따르면 이 검을 뽑는 자가 왕이 된다.

author patricia hersch profiled eight teens who live in an affluent area of northern virginia for her 1998 book , " a tribe apart. ".
페트리시아 허뤼라는 작가는 1998년 " a tribe apart " 라는 책을 쓰기 위해 북 버지니아 외곽 지방의 8명의 십대들에 대해 묘사한 적이 있다.

author ian fleming lived here while writing his james bond spy novels. film star legend errol flynn loved jamaica , too.
작가 아서 플레밍이 제임스 본드 첩보 소설을 여기서 집필했으며 , 전설적인 영화 배우 애롤 플린 역시 자메이카를 즐겨 찾았습니다.

stars began to flock to santa barbara.
유명스타들이 santa barbara에 모여들기 시작했다.

following a two week training course , all new employees were placed on probation.
2주간의 연수코스가 끝나고 모든 신입 사원들은 수습에 들어갔다.

paul is totally uninterested in sports.
paul은 스포츠에 관해 철저히 무관심하다.

paul took a match out of a matchbox and lit it.
paul은 성냥갑에서 성냥 한 개를 꺼내 불을 붙였다.

paul went hunting with his dachshund yesterday.
paul은 어제 닥스훈트를 데리고 사냥을 떠났다.

paul anathematized a pickpocket with words of malediction.
paul은 소매치기를 저주의 말들로 맹렬히 비난했다.

madonna picked up occasional modeling jobs and stints with various professional dance troupes.
마돈나는 때때로 모델 일과 다양한 직업적인 댄스 공연 일을 했다.

questions on the scholastic ability test cover all academic subjects.
수능의 출제 범위는 전 교과 영역을 포괄한다.

autogenous.
자생의.

predicting the effective thermal conductivity of some sand-water mixtures used for backfilling materials of ground heat exchanger.
지중열교환기 뒤채움재로 사용되는 모래-물 혼합물의 열전도도 예측.

estimation of the first modal participation factor of a shear building under earthquake load.
지진하중을 받는 전단구조물의 1차 모드참여계수 산정.

estimation of the seoul's newtown projects by observing the changes in regional land prices.
지역별 지가변화 분석을 통한 서울시 뉴타운사업 효과 추정에 관한 연구.

estimation of an optimal calf price level for calf production stabilization and its effect on beef supply-demand.
송아지 생산안정기준가격이 쇠고기 수급에 미치는 영향.

estimation of fatigue life at welded joints under actual traffic load.
실 교통 하중하에서 강교량 용접부의 피로수명 예측.

estimation of residential location demand based on the modified potential model incorporating both employment and open space accessibility.
고용 및 녹지 접근성을 동시에 고려한 잠재력 모형의 주거입지 수요추정.

estimation of proportion to decentralized rainwater management needed in apartment complex development.
공동주택단지 개발에서의 분산식 빗물관리 목표량 설정.

estimation on expected wind speed of return period using probability density function.
확율밀도함수에 의한 재현기대 풍속의산정.

estimation on decay rate and deposition velocity for nitrogen dioxide in apartments indoors.
아파트 실내환경의 이산화질소 감소율 및 침착속도 추정.

estimation analysis of field application of new composite polyurethane materials.
폴리우레탄 복합 신소재의 현장적용성 평가 , 분석연구.

music is one of the most cosmopolitan arts.
음악은 가장 세계적인 예술의 하나다.

music can help us concentrate better.
음악은 집중이 더 잘 되도록 우리를 돕는다.

studies have shown that turnover is higher in low-level job categories.
보고서에 따르면 총매출액은 하위 직군들에서 더 높게 나타나고 있다.

studies on the from a high concentration flue gas so2 removal performance with rotary scrubber.
회전식 세정장치를 이용한 배출가스 중 고농도 아황산가스 처리성능에 관한 연구.

studies on the ultra early high-strength concrete.
콘크리트의 초조고강도화에 관한 연구.

studies on the frictional coefficient of unbonded prestressing bars.
unbonded prestressing bars의 긴장시에 있어서의 마찰계수에 관한 연구.

autocratic way of doing things.uch.ies.ut.economy. to reach across party lines.r.works.ing outbreak of sars in 2003.folder.
hsbc는 상당히 전통적인 유형의 은행으로 알려져 있는데요 , 선생님께서 말씀하신걸 보면 선생님께서는 독재적이지 않은 방식을 도입하신 것 같군요.

30 paintings and 60 drawings are displayed in korea and these are from the belvedere museum and 20 other art galleries from 11 countries.
30점의 회화와 60점의 드로잉이 전시되어 있고 , 이들은 벨베데레 미술관과 11개국의 20개 다른 미술관에서 온 것입니다.

david is a boorish man.
david은 촌티 나는 사람이다.

david is barefaced.
david은 뻔뻔스럽다.

david always smokes at his own sweet will even though he's only sixteen.
데이비드는 16세밖에 되지 않았는데도 제멋대로 흡연한다.

david and mary are living a bucolic life.
david와 mary는 전원생활을 하고 있다.

david : this perspicacity is particularly prevalent throughout the middle east , where america's support for dictatorships in pakistan , saudi arabia , and egypt , and our continuing disregard for the rights of palestinians validate these perceptions.
데이비드 : 이 통찰력은 파키스탄 , 사우디 아라비아 그리고 이집트의 독재 정부에 대한 미국의 원조가 있는 중동에서 특히 퍼져있고 팔레스타 인 국민의 권리를 계속해서 무시하는 것이 이 인식을 입증하고 있습니다.

david shows signs of decrepitude.
david은 노쇠한 현상을 보인다.

david southland , the arts critic for the union times , recommended seeing neither the community play nor the upcoming jazz concert.
유니온 타임즈 지의 예술 비평을 담당하고 있는 데이비드 사우스랜드는 지역 연극도 , 앞으로 공연될 재즈 콘서트도 보지 말라고 권했다.

david dreamed of being a bard.
david은 음유시인이 되는 것을 꿈꿨다.

traditional fare is served by attendants in period costume.
전통 음식은 시대 의상을 입은 종업원들이 서빙한다.

traditional bladder reconstruction usually involves grafts from the small intestine or stomach.
전통적인 방광 재건은 통상 소장이나 위 조직을 사용해 왔습니다.

vain.
부질없다.

vain.
덧없다.

vain.
허망하다.

independent america had a federal government.
독립을 이룬 미국은 연방 정부를 구성했다.

independent clients store messages locally , and can send and receive messages even when not connected to a network.
독립 클라이언트는 메시지를 로컬에 저장하므로 네트워크에 연결되어 있지 않을 때에도 메시지를 보내고 받을 수 있습니다.

bears do not leave the perimeter of their boundaries.
곰은 자기 영역 내에서만 살지.

horrible.
고약하다.

none of our other products has the same market dominance -- we are not even in the top five in garbage bags and plastic wrap.
우리 제품 중 어느 것도 동일하게 시장을 점유하고 있지는 못합니다. 심지어 쓰레기 봉투나 비닐 랩은 상위 5위권에도 들지 못합니다.

victory is still not (laid) in our hands.
승리는 아직도 우리 수중에 있지 않다.

weight.
redman 박사팀은 6개월 간 35명의 비만 성인들(16명의 남자 , 19명의 여자)을 연구해 운동이 체중을 감소하는데 정말 도움을 주는지를 알아 냈다.

weight.
체중.

actual boxing games were fought 'bareknuckle until 1892.
실제 권투 시합에서는 1892년까지 '맨주먹'으로 겨루었다.

actual boxing matches were fought bareknuckle until 1892.
실제 권투 시합에서는 1892년까지 " 맨주먹 " 으로 겨루었다.

mechanical characteristic analysis of coil spring viscous damper system.
coil spring viscous damper system의 동특성분석.

concentrated blasts of steam dissolve stubborn stains , and a powerful wet/dry vacuum draws dirt and moisture away.
강력한 증기 한 방이 찌든 얼룩을 용해시키고 강력한 습/건식 진공 청소기가 먼 지와 습기를 빨아들입니다.

therefore , the ministry of education and human resources develop-ment announced the plan to restore the public's trust in schools.
그래서 교육인적부 장관은 학교에 대한 국민의 신뢰를 회복하기 위한 계획을 발표했다.

therefore , this card is presumed to be extremely valuable.
그러므로 이번 카드(조치)는 매우 효과적일것으로 추정된다.

therefore , it is not correct to specify how long it takes a 500-megawatt power plant to generate 500 megawatts of electricity.
따라서 , 500메가와트 발전 장치가 500메가와트 전기를 만드는 데 얼마나 걸리는지를 설명하는 것은 정확하지 않습니다.

therefore commercial application programs are tested and debugged before they are released.
그러므로 상업적 응용 프로그램은 시판되기 전에 검사되고 디버그된다.

therefore vat is clearly a progressive and not a regressive tax.
따라서 , 부가가치세는 분명히 역진세가 아닌 누진세이다.

fundamental study on transient decay in acoustic field of architectural closed space.
건축 폐공간 음장의 초기 감쇠 성상에 관한 기초적 연구.

autocade.
자동차 행렬.

category.
범주.

category.
그러니까 재즈 , 팝 , 이런 식으로 노래를 구분하지 않는거 군요.

category.
유형.

category.
부류.

category one storms have winds between seventyfour and ninety-five miles per hour , and cause minimal damage.
1급 태풍은 풍속이 시속 74-95마일에 이르며 , 피해는 그다지 크지 않습니다.

published in late '95 , the promotional tour was mobbed.
95년 후반에 책은 출판되었고 홍보 투어에는 많은 사람이 쇄도했습니다.

dublin.
더블린.

dublin bagged two goals in last night's win.
어젯밤의 우승에서 더블린은 두 골을 넣었다.

write the source of this article.
이 글의 출전을 써라.

write your answer on the right sleeve.
오른쪽 소매에 대답을 쓰세요.

necessarily.
종요로이.

necessarily.
의당.

examples of disaccharides are maltose , sucrose and lactose.
이당류의 예로는 말토스 , 수크로스 , 락토스가 있다.

learned.
학식이 있는.

learned.
박식하다.

learned.
유식하다.

ivan ilyich 1895 master and man 1899 resurrection.
톨스토이의 작품 1851 어제 이야기 1852 유년기 , 소년기 , 젊음 그리고 자서전 3부작 1855-56 세바스타폴 스케치 1865-69 전쟁과 평화 1875-7 안나 카레니나 1884 고백 1886 인간에게 얼마나 많은 땅이 필요할까 ? 1886 이반 일리치의 죽음 1895 주인과 사람 1899 부활.

ivan learns he has a terminal illness.
이반은 그가 불치병임을 알았다.

autobahn.
아우토반.

limits would be imposed on costof-living increases for federal workers and retirees.
연방 공무원과 퇴직자에 대한 생계비 인상에 대해 제한이 가해질 것이다.

causes small bumps called papillae normally cover your tongue's upper surface.
여러분의 미뢰는 이 돌기 안에 위치해 있어요.

commissioner rhodes was unavailable for comment.
로드 장관으로부터는 논평을 들을 수 없었다.

cut two rectangles of smoked sturgeon to the same size.
철갑상어 한 세대를 먹어치우는 기분입니다.

freedom in tranquillity , servitude is the worst of all evils , to be resisted not only by war , but even by death. (cicero).
평화란 이름은 달콤하고 그 자체가 유익하지만 , 평화와 예속 사이에는 큰 차이점이 있다. 평화는 고요함 속의 자유이며 , 예속은 , 전쟁뿐 아니.

freedom in tranquillity , servitude is the worst of all evils , to be resisted not only by war , but even by death. (cicero).
라 죽음으로까지 맞서야 할 , 모든 악 중에 가장 추악한 악이다. (키케로 , 전쟁명언).

freedom must be tempered with responsibility and order.
자유는 책임감과 질서로 다듬어져야 한다.

imagine , in your mind's eye , a harp in all its graceful detail ; the same region of your visual cortex just turned on as if you actually looked at the instrument.
마음의 눈으로 우아한 모습의 하프의 섬세한 부분까지 사상해보라. 우리의 시각피질의 같은 부분이 실제로 당신이 악기를 보는 것처럼 활동하기 시작한다.

imagine if buckingham palace was an art gallery like the louvre.
버킹험 궁전이 louvre처럼 미술관이라고 생각해보세요.

imagine anyone coming to a formal dance in jeans. of all the nerve !.
격식을 갖춘 댄스 파티에 진을 입고 오는 사람을 상상해 봐. 얼마나 대담한가 !.

worldwide.
세계적 문제.

worldwide.
명문천하.

worldwide.
명성을 중외에 떨치다.

worldwide , the report says , 58 million girls are out of school.
보고서에 의하면 전 세계적으로 5천 8백만 명의 여아들이 학교를 다니지 않습니다.

worldwide , 44 million tons of cottonseed is produced annually.
연구원들은 밀가루가 전반적으로 맛이 좋으며 견과류의 향이 나는 목화씨로부터 만들어진다고 말한다.

greek children leave their shoes by the fire on new year's day with the hope that saint basil who was famous for his kindness will come and fill the shoes with gifts.
그리스에서는 새해 첫날 성 바실(saint basil)이라는 축제를 벌이는데 , 이 날 어린이들은 꿈에 부풀어 자신들의 신발을 불가에 갖다 놓으면 친절하기로 유 명한 성 바실이 와서 그 신발을 선물로 가득 채워 준다고 믿는다.

greek actress thalia prokopiou raises the olympic flame in the torch lighting ceremony.
그리스의 여배우 탈리아 프로코피우가 성화 채화식에서 올림픽 성화를 받아 들고 있다.

mechanic.
비행기 수리공.

mechanic.
자동차 수리공.

mechanic.
정비공.

loans between the students are strictly forbidden.
학생 간의 금전 대차는 엄금되어 있다.

boys are sexually mature when they can produce semen.
남자아이들은 정액을 생산할 수 있을 때 성적으로 성숙한다.

boys between the ages of six and nine are eligible and no prior musical training is required.
신청 자격은 6세에서 9세 사이의 소년들이며 , 음악 교육을 받은 경험은 무관합니다.

boys rent tuxedos and girls get new gowns especially for the event.
이 파티를 위해 남학생들은 턱시도를 빌리고 , 여학생들은 새 야회복을 특별히 마련한다.

boys mature a year or more later than girls , and are twice as likely to have a learning disability.
남자 아이들은 여자아이들 보다 일년이나 그 보다 늦게 성숙하고 학습 장애가 발달할 가능성이 두배나 높습니다.

symptoms not having a bowel movement every day does not necessarily mean you are constipated.
그 종양은 나에게 변비를 가져다 주었고 내 몸을 붓게 만들었다.

solid.
튼실하다.

solid.
오달지다.

disabled people who fail the assessment may feel a sense of wrong and of grievance , and perhaps even of bitterness.
평가에서 떨어진 장애인들은 부당하게 취급된 것을 느끼고 , 불만과 , 어쩌면 비통도 느꼈을 수도 있다.

understood.
언어가 통하다.

dolphins were astern of the ship.
돌고래들이 배보다 후방에 있었다.

treat apply a soothing medicated cream to fight bacteria.
상처 부위를 치료한다 항균 작용을 위해 약용 크림을 바른다.

centers objects with the vertical center of the page. align horizontal center.
개체를 페이지의 세로 가운데에 일렬로 놓습니다. 세로 가운데 맞춤.

sold as tylenol and some aspirin-free products , the drug produces a byproduct that can poison the liver but is rendered harmless by a body chemical.
타이레놀이나 일부 아스피린 성분이 없는 제품이라고 판매되는 약품은 간에 해로울 수 있는 부산물을 만들어 내지만 그것은 체내의 화학물질에 의해 무해 한 것으로 변합니다.

stores that sell lotto tickets near colleges are crowded with students these days.
로또 복권을 파는 대학가의 상점들은 최근 학생들로 북적대고 있다.

congress must abrogate the new tax law.
의회는 새로운 조세 법안을 폐지해야 한다.

ambassador hughes said arab-americans can serve as a bridge between this country and the arab world , to boost mutual understanding.
휴즈 차관은 또 아랍계 미국인들은 상호 이해를 증진시키는데 있어 미국과 아랍세계를 잇는 교량 역할을 할 수 있다고 말했습니다.

access is denied. you may not have sufficient privileges to perform the operation.
액세스가 거부되었습니다. 이 작업을 수행하기에 충분한 권한이 없을 수 있습니다.

access to database has been denied.
데이터베이스 액세스가 거부되었습니다.

access that is allowed.
문제 해결을 위하여 원격 관리자가 이 컴퓨터에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 다음 설정은 허용된 원격 액세스 수준을 지정합니다.

restricted.
부자유스럽다.

restricted.
속박을 받다.

professional couple moving to mandenga for work needs a child care specialist nursemaid for two young children.
일 때문에 만덴가 지역으로 이사 온 전문직 부부가 두 명의 어린 자녀들을 돌봐줄 육아 전문 보모를 구하고 있음.

monitors say voters in montenegro were casting ballots in near record numbers in a referendum on whether to keep their union with serbia or become europe's newest independent state.
몬테네그로에서는 신 유고연방인 세르비아-몬테네그로 국가 연합에서 분리 독립할 것인지 여부를 결정하는 국민투표가 실시되고 있는 가운 데 , 기록적인 숫자에 가까운 유권자들이 투표에 참여하고 있다고 , 선거 관측통들이 전했습니다.

authorize.
권능을 부여하다.

authorize.
권한을 부여하다.

authorize.
직권을 위임하다.

observation report on 21st uia congress in berlinyim changbok.
제21차 uia 총회 참석보고.

davis.
데이비스컵.

davis.
데이비스컵 참가 선수.

china's foreign ministry said earlier this week it did not expect the conferences to break the deadlock.
중국 외교부는 앞서 이번 회담에서 별다른 해결책이 나올 것으로는 기대하지 않는다고 밝힌바 있습니다.

china's history.
후 주석은 텔레비전으로 중계된 연설을 통해 , 티베트의 라싸를 연결하는 이 철도는 중국 역사에서 탁월한 업적이라고 치하했습니다.

china's state-approved catholic church has consecrated a bishop without the approval of the holy see.
중국 정부가 인가한 카톨릭 교회가 바티칸의 허락 없이 주교를 임명했습니다. ?.

people's interest in political revolution has subsided.
인민의 정치 혁명에 대한 관심이 식어 갔다.

law firms customarily list all the partners and associates on the letterhead.
법률 회사는 관례적으로 모든 파트너들과 동료직원들의 이름을 윗 부분에 명기한다.

authorization.
결재.

authorization.
인가.

authorization.
허가.

syntax is an important part of style and meaning in language.
구문론은 언어의 문체와 의미에 있어 중요한 역할을 한다.

select a site link that contains this new site.
새 사이트가 포함된 사이트 링크를 선택하십시오.

select a deicing chemical that melts a large volume of ice and snow.
많은 양의 얼음과 눈을 녹이는 제설제를 선택하세요.

select the language groups you want to use from the following list.
다음 목록에서 사용할 언어 그룹을 선택하십시오.

select the audit mode you want to run in.
실행할 감사 모드를 선택하십시오.

select an existing share or create a new one on the host server.
기존 공유를 선택하거나 호스트 서버에 새 공유를 만드십시오.

select someone you really admire and throw yourself at them.
네가 정말로 존경하고 그 사람을 위해 기꺼이 네 자신을 바칠 수 있는 사람을 선택하라.

container traffic has increased by 10 percent.
컨테이너 물동량이10% 증가했다.

delegating %1 prohibits role and task definitions in this scope from having authorization scripts.
%1을(를) 위임하면 이 범위에 있는 역할 및 작업 정의에 권한 부여 스크립트가 포함될 수 없습니다.

protocol.
의정서.

protocol.
의전.

accounting researchers are frequently unfamiliar with historical research methods.
회계 연구자들은 흔히 역사적 연구방법에 대해서 잘 모른다.

within their family , she learned drawing and the piano.
가정에서 그녀는 그림 그리는 것과 피아노 치는 법을 배웠다.

within borders , there are a lot of people live happily.
영토 내에는 많은 사람이 행복하게 살고 있다.

within 10 years of menopause , high soy consumption was associated with a 50% reduction in the risk for bone fracture.
폐경기에 접어든 이후 10년 이내에는 콩을 많이 섭취하면 골절의 위험을 절반이나 줄일 수 있다는 것이다.

within his verses nostradamus mentions the magical rites he used involving a tripod , fire , water and possibly drugs to induce trances and heighten his prophetic abilities.
운문에서 노스트라다무스는 그가 사용한 마법의 의식이 최면 상태를 유도하고 예언 능력을 고조시키기 위해 삼각대 , 불 , 물 그리고 약을 포 함한다고 언급했습니다.

within each of your congressional districts , i guarantee you there are children who have used their webcams to appear naked online ,.
당신의 각각의 의회구내에서 , 나는 온라인에 노출됨을 나타내는 웹 카메라를 사용하는 아이들이 있음을 확신합니다.

within minutes , demonstrations erupted near the wreckage , and hundreds of people began throwing rocks and debris at the u.s. soldiers.
교통사고 발생 몇분만에 시위자들은 사고 차량 근처에서 분규를 일으켰으며 수백명의 사람들이 돌과 파편을 미군들에게 던지기 시작했습니다.

within 49 days , old formula cheesy-cheesy was back in the supermarket , repackaged and renamed classic cheesy-cheesy.
49일도 안 돼 기존의 치지-치지는 새롭게 포장되어 " 클래식 치지-치지 " 란 새로운 이름으로 슈퍼마켓에 다시 돌아왔다.

overtime pay is a joke at my company.
초과수당이란 우리 회사에선 헛소리 같은 얘기야.

teachers , doctors , engineers , indeed all professionals were cut off from their peer groups.
교사 , 의사 , 공학자 등 모든 전문직 사람들은 그들의 또래집단으로부터 단절되었다.

transit.
운반.

transit.
자오선 통과.

inflation is currently running at a 20% annual rate.
인플레이션은 최근 연간 20퍼센트로 뛰고 있다.

inflation is nibbling away at spending power.
인플레이션 때문에 소비력이 조금씩 떨어지고 있다.

inflation can be offset by increased production.
통화 팽창은 생산 증대로 상쇄될 수 있다.

delegates at six-party talks on north korea's nuclear program have expressed cautious optimism after washington and pyongyang held another lengthy one-on-one session.
북핵 6자 회담의 각국 대표단들은 미국과 북한이 장시간에 걸친 또 한 번의 양자 협의를 가진 후 조심스럽게 낙관론을 펼치고 있습니다.

virtue.
덕.

virtue.
미덕.

virtue.
덕목.

virtue is choked with foul ambition.
덕은 사악한 야심에 질식당한다.

roads that meandered round the edges of the fields.
그 강은 그 지방을 굽이쳐 흐른다.

chemistry.
화학.

generally speaking , athletics can be contact or non-contact sports.
일반적으로 운동 경기는 접촉 또는 비접촉 스포츠라고 말할 수 있다.

generally for the scandinavian resorts , the higher the latitude , the more snow there is.
스칸디나비아의 휴양지들은 대체적으로 위도가 높을수록 눈이 더 많이 온다.

russia and south korea have reaffirmed efforts to rid the korean peninsula of nuclear weapons despite a recent bout of troubling rhetoric from pyongyang.
한국과 러시아는 최근 연이어 나온 북한의 시비성 발언에도 불구하고 한반도 내 비핵화 노력을 계속해 나갈 것임을 재확인했습니다.

neo , the main character is anti-authoritarian.
주인공인 네오는 반독재주의자이다.

supports up to 5 concurrent users.
%s의 비전매판(not for resale) 버전은 제한된 테스트 및 평가 목적으로 개발되었습니다. 이 샘플 cd는 5개의 동시 연결까지만 지원합니다.

democracy guards and respects the rights of the individual.
민주주의는 개인의 권리를 수호하고 존중한다.

democracy activists , and in budapest to the people of hungary.
그는 또한 오스트리아 수도 빈에서 미국과 유럽연합 정상회담을 마치고 일단의 아프리카 민주화 운동가들과 함께 가진 기자회견에서 그리고 부다페스트에 서 헝가리 국민에게 이 문제를 제기한 바 있습니다.

republic.
공화국.

changing temperature can cause a color change , too.
기온의 변화도 몸 색깔을 변화시킵니다.

hemingway stayed here when he was writing across the river.
헤밍웨이는 '강을 건너 (숲속으로)'를 집필할 당시 이곳에 머물렀다.

americans are generally individualistic and like to step outside the mold.
미국인들은 개인주의적이고 불순응주의적 경향이 있어요.

artifice.
책략.

artifice.
권모술수.

artifice.
술수.

department managers have been asked tokeep all official employee evaluations confidential.
부서장들은 모든 공식적인 직원 인사고과를 비밀로 하라는 지시를 받았다.

comment.
논평.

comment.
평.

comment.
고평.

serial killers were once considered a rarity.
연쇄 살인범들은 한때는 보기 드문 존재로 여겨졌습니다.

louis fortier , a director for a canadian based research network arcticnet , said the huge break-off signaled a rise in artic temperatures.
arcticnet의 연구망에 캐나다 국적의 기지를 둔 책임자인 louis fortie는 거대한 붕괴는 북극의 기온 상승이란 신호를 보낸 것이라고 말했다.

enclosed is a copy of a staff report being transmitted to the city planning commission regarding the proposed extension of the cross-borough parkway.
크로스버로 파크웨이 확장 공사와 관련하여 도시 계획 위원회에 제출할 직원 건의 보고서를 한 부 첨부해 드립니다.

enclosed is a brochure that describes in detail the services we offer.
저희가 제공하는 서비스를 상세히 기술한 소책자를 동봉하였습니다.

smell.
냄새.

smell this milk. does it seem all right ?.
이 우유 냄새 좀 맡아 봐 , 괜찮은 것 같아 ?.

american government researchers are developing another kind of fish to compete with tuna.
그런데 , 미국 정부 소속 연구원들이 참치에 견줄 만한 다른 종류의 물고기 통조림을 개발하고 있습니다.

american concrete institute and aci building code.
미국 콘크리트 학회와 aci 규준에 관하여.

american health campaigners are using song to help smokers stub out.
미국 건강 캠페이너들은 흡연자의 금연을 돕고자 노래를 사용하고 있다.

american reviewers are lavish in their praise of this book.
대통령의 단짝 친구는 일부에서 지적한 것처럼 부정한 자금으로 호화로운 생활을 하고 있다.

american 19th century in colonial america , most manufacturing was done by hand in the home.
19세기 식민지 시대의 미국인의 제조업은 , 거의 가내 수공업으로 이루어 졌다.

american monetary conditions relatively stable.
앨런 그린스펀 미 연방준비제도이사회 의장은 거의 20년간 세계와 미국의 금융시장을 안정시키는 데 뛰어난 수완을 발휘해 왔다.

muslim groups in southern thailand say they regularly face state-sponsored discrimination.
이에 대해 남부 지역의 이슬람 단체들은 정부 주도 하의 차별 행위가 통례적으로 자행되고 있다고 주장하고 있습니다.

muslim investors seeking stocks that do not violate prohibitions against lending and alcohol should check out islamiq.com.
돈놀이와 음주에 대한 금기에 위배되지 않는 주식을 찾는 이슬람교 투자가라면 islamiq.com을 살펴봐야 할 것입니다.

muslim pilgrims on their way to mecca.
메카로 향하고 있는 이슬람교 순례자들.

scholars contribute to passing on the lamp.
학자들은 지식의 진보에 기여한다.

ibrahim kalin (kah-lin) , from the college of the holy cross , says their ideas spread as they published and taught in the united states.
의 이브라힘 칼린 교수는 , 이들의 사상이 미국내에서 그들의 저서들과 대학 강의를 통해 확산되고 있다고 말합니다.

outgoing.
활달하다.

outgoing.
외향적.

outgoing.
사교적.

outgoing chancellor gerhard schroeder joins execs from california-based advanced micro devices to unveil the company's new extension outside dresden.
퇴임을 앞둔 게르하르트 슈뢰더 독일 총리는 드레스덴 외곽으로 새로이 확장된 공장 개장식에 캘리포니아에 본사를 둔amd 사 경영진들과 자리를 함께 했 습니다.

outgoing chancellor gerhard schroeder joins execs from california-based advanced micro devices to unveil the company's new extension outside dresden.
퇴임을 앞둔 게르하르트 슈뢰더 독일 총리는 드레스덴 외곽으로 새로이 확장된 공장 개장식에 캘리포니아에 본사를 둔amd 사 경영진들과 자리를 함께 했습니다.

2 doz. eggs.
달걀 두 다스.

failed to add test certificate " %s ", error #%d.
%s 테스트 인증서를 추가하지 못했습니다. 오류 #%d.

failed to create login script directory on %1.
%1에서 로그인 스크립트 디렉터리를 만들지 못했습니다.

typically , the first contact with a problematic food causes hives or swelling ; repeated encounters result in more severe reactions.
전형적으로 , 문제를 일으키는 음식을 처음 먹었을 때 두드러기와 종기가 생깁니다. 계속적으로 음식을 먹는다면 좀더 심한 반응이 생깁니다.

sometimes i feel all right ; sometimes i feel unhappy , even very unhappy.
가끔 나는 상태가 좋고 때때로는 불행하며 심지어 매우 불행할 때도 있다.

sometimes i use krusteaz from sam's.
가끔 나는 sam의 krusteaz 사 제품을 사용한다.

sometimes , treatment for congenital adrenal hyperplasia can begin before your child is born.
가끔은 아기를 출산하기전에라도 선천성부신증식에대한 치료를 받을수있습니다.

sometimes , medications or surgery can help treat chronic thrombocytopenia.
때로는 약물투여나 수술이 만성 혈소판 감소증 치료에 도움이 될 수 있다.

sometimes , even , people wash each other's backs.
때때로 사람들은 서로의 등을 닦아주더라니깐.

sometimes , astigmatism develops after an eye injury , disease or surgery.
때때로 난시는 눈의 외상 , 질병 혹은 수술 후에 발병 됩니다.

sometimes the forecasts are incorrect. look ! it's showering.
때로는 예측이 틀리기도 합니다. 보세요. 소나기가 오고 있잖아요.

sometimes it has nuts , caramel , or fudge.
때로 이것에는 견과류와 캐러멜 혹은 퍼지가 들어 있어요.

sometimes they found old boxes full of gold coins or silver cups or jewelry.
때때로 그들은 금화와 은잔이나 보석으로 가득 찬 낡은 상자를 발견하기도 한다.

sometimes parents miscalculate how much of the drug should be given to their child or overuse them.
때때로 부모님들은 얼마만큼의 약을 그들의 자녀에게 주어야만 하는지 오산하거나 그것들을 남용한다.

sometimes dna evidence , sometimes recanted testimony , sometimes somebody else confessing to the crime.
이밖에 여러 이유로 , 즉 유전자 증거 외에 진술 취소 , 진짜 범인의 자수 등으로70 , 80명이넘게 풀려났습니다.

pin.
핀.

pin.
핀을 꽂다.

pin.
비밀 번호.

pin a paper to the wall with tacks.
벽에 압정으로 종이를 꽂아라.

personal appearance is of secondary importance.
외모는 둘째 문제다.

personal selling is a strong part of our promotion strategy.
개개인의 판매실적은 우리의 승진 계획에 있어서 중요한 부분이다.

personal grudges aside , talks between the two governments are at a standstill.
개인적 원한을 제쳐놓고서도 , 양 정부 사이의 회담이 교착되고 있다.

picasso used cubism for a long time.
피카소는 입체파를 오랫동안 사용했다.

picasso was also a free thinker with his artwork.
피카소는 또한 그의 작품에 관해서는 자유로운 사상가였다.

italian fashion legend giorgio armani is our guest this week.
이탈리아의 패션 거장 조르지오 아르마니 씨가 이번 주 초대 손님입니다.

witness.
목격.

witness.
목격자.

witness.
증인.

lovers have the tendency to tense up during sexual excitement.
연인들은 성적 흥분 시에 긴장이 더 고조되는 경향이 있다.

historical.
역사(상)의[역사적인].

historical.
사극.

historical.
역사소설.

literature can be roughly categorized into two genres.
문학의 장르는 크게 둘로 나눌 수 있다.

soap.
비누.

soap.
비누질하다.

ottoman empire was very appealing to austria-hungary , the balkans and russia.
오스만 제국은 오스트리아-헝가리제국 , 발칸반도 국가들과 러시아에게 매우 매력적인 곳이었다.

someday.
훗날에.

leaving home was a terrible wrench for me.
집을 떠나는 것은 내게 끔찍이도 쓰라린 일이었다.

bimonthly.
격월의.

bimonthly.
격월간.

representative.
대표.

representative.
대표적.

membership of the club is by nomination only.
그 클럽 회원은 지명 추천자에 한한다.

outlaw.
무법자.

outlaw.
비합법화하다.

outlaw.
법익을 박탈하다.

sydney , surf capital of the world.
세계 파도타기의 수도인 시드니.

obviously we want to do business with someone who has a strong financial background.
당연히 저희는 재정상태가 건실한 회사와 거래를 하고 싶습니다.

streets were crowded with mobs of workers going home after work.
일 끝나고 귀가하는 노동자들의 무리로 거리는 만원이었다.

door-to-door salespeople are such a headache these days.
요즘 잡상인 때문에 골머리를 앓고 있다.

iraqi officials say slain terror al-qaida in iraq leader abu musab al-zarqawi has been buried in an unrevealed location in the country.
이라크 관리들은 이라크내 알카에다 지도자 아부 무사부 알 자르카위의 시신이 이라크내 비밀 장소에 매장됐다고 말했습니다.

iraqi officials say gunmen who abducted 30 sports officials have freed six of them in baghdad.
이라크에서 30명의 올림픽 관계자들을 납치했던 무장괴한들이 이 중 6명을 석방했다고 이라크 관리들이 밝혔습니다.

iraqi political leaders have been struggling to form a government since parliamentary elections in mid-december.
이라크 정치 지도자들은 지난해 12월 중순 실시된 의회 선거 이후 줄곧 정부 구성을 위해 부심하고있습니다.

iraqi police tell a roadside bomb has killed a local intelligence chief and his two guards in the northern city of kirkuk.
이날 새벽 , 이라크 북부도시 키르쿠크에서는 지역정보기관 책임자와 경호원 두 명이 도로변 폭탄공격으로 살해됐다고 이라크 관계관들이 말 했습니다.

iraqi police say at least nine people have been killed and more than 40 others wounded in a suicide bombing outside a courthouse in baghdad.
이라크 바그다드의 한 법원 밖에서 자살 폭탄 공격으로 적어도 9명이 사망하고 40명 이상이 부상했다고 , 이라크 경찰이 밝혔습니다.

iraqi police say revealed gunmen have killed at least 42 people in a sunni muslim area of baghdad.
이라크 수도 바그다드 시내 수니파 거주 지역에서 복면의 무장 괴한들이 적어도 42명을 살해했다고 이라크 경찰이 밝혔습니다.

neck.
목.

neck.
모가지.

neck.
목뼈.

push.
진격.

push.
떠밀다.

push out your chest and pull in your chin.
가슴을 뒤로 젖히고 턱을 끌어당겨라.

content limitations it has limitations on what can be uploaded and these restricted topics include : pornography nudity defamation cyber bulling harassment commercial advertisements anything implying criminal intent spamming copyright infringement.
컨텐츠 제한 업로드 될 수 있는 주제에 대한 제한이 있고 이 제한된 주제들에는 다음과 같은 것들이 포함됩니다 : 음란물 나체 비방 사이버 왕 따 괴롭힘 상업 광고 범죄 의도를 가지고 있는 것 스팸 저작권 침해.

traumatized dwellers stayed home , venturing out only to glimpse the first security patrols , led by a contingent of australian peacekeepers.
정신적으로 큰 충격을 받은 대부분의 주민들은 집에 머물러있으면서 호주의 평화유지군이 실시하는 일차 경비 순찰을 엿보려고 살짝 나와보는 정도가 고 작이었습니다.

arrive two days early in order to acclimatize.
적응할 시간을 갖도록 이틀 일찍 도착하시오.

horse.
말.

horse.
뜀틀.

horse.
해마.

smaller columns and walls are wrapped in detonating cord.
작은 기둥들에는 폭발선을 감는다.

europe can not afford a balkan-style full-scale war on its periphery.
유럽은 그주변에서 발칸 스타일의 큰 전쟁을 할 수 없다.

attend.
방청.

attend.
배석.

taekwondo is an official olympic event.
태권도는 올림픽 정식 종목이다.

taekwondo is one of the ori ental martial art.
태권도는 동양 무술중 하나입니다.

taekwondo is incorporated into the compulsory military training of all korean soldiers.
태권도는 모든 한국 군인들의 기본군사훈련 프로그램에 편입되었다.

taekwondo was adopted as a competitive sport in the asian games.
태권도는 아시안 게임에서 경기 종목으로 채택되었다.

christian democratic leader angela merkel welcomed the call for early elections.
기독교 민주 연합의 앙겔라 메르켈 당수도 조기 총선을 환영했습니다.

christian democratic leader angela merkel -- pm schroeder's likely challenger -- welcomed the call for early elections.
기민당의 앙겔라 메르켈 당수는 슈뢰더 총리의 조기 총선 촉구를 환영했습니다.

christian missionaries are dispatched all over the world.
기독교 선교사들은 전 세계로 파견된다.

christian slater fronts the glass menagerie with jessica lange.
크리스천 슬레이터는 제시카 랭과 함께 유리동물원에 출연하고 있습니다.

backpacking is fun , but it can also be pretty tough.
배낭여행은 즐겁지만 고생스럽기도 하다.

northern ireland is also home to the british isles's largest body of water , lough neagh.
북아일랜드는 영국제도에서 가장 큰 호수인 '로프 네'가 있는 곳이기도 하다.

austin looks like a very interesting place.
austin은 매우 흥미로운 장소로 보인다.

texas was annexed to the united states in 1845.
텍사스는 1845년 미합중국에 합병되었다.

texas rangers' manager had his eyes on a s. korean rookie.
텍사스 레인저스 감독은 한국에서 온 신인 선수를 점찍었습니다.

schools.
몇몇의 음료수 제조업체들이 수천만에 이르는 공립학교 학생들에게 설탕이 함유된 음료수 판매를 중단하기로 합의했습니다.

schools should stick to their purview of education.
학교는 그들의 교육영역에만 고착시켜야만 한다.

portland is blessed with an abundant variety of cuisine , but french dining is sadly under-represented.
포틀랜드는 각종 요리가 풍성하기로 이름난 곳이지만 , 아쉽게도 프랑스 정식 요리는 별로 찾아볼 수 없습니다.

mr austin : no , i did not.
오스틴 씨 : 아닙니다 , 전 안 했어요.

mr brown is too cadaverous , too damaged , too bloody unpopular to be a campaign asset.
브라운씨는 너무 송장같이 말랐고 , 지나치게 많이 공격받았으며 , 빌어먹을 인기도 없어서 선거의 자산이 될 수 없습니다.

mr hornby struggled to control the vibrato in his voice.
혼비씨는 자신의 떨리는 목소리를 억제하려고 애썼다.

perhaps i could make a brief comparison with wales since you specifically mentioned wales.
아마도 당신이 웨일스에 대해 특별히 언급한 이후에 저는 웨일스와의 간단한 비교를 할수 있었습니다.

perhaps i misled you , but it was quite unintentional.
아마 제가 당신을 오해하게 한 모양이군요. 하지만 그건 전혀 고의가 아니었어요.

perhaps he did it from vanity.
그는 아마 허영심에서 그렇게 했을 것이다.

perhaps they could borrow a line from socrates , dura lex , sed lex which means a bad law is still a law.
아마도 , 그들은 " 악법도 법이다. " 라는 뜻인 " dura lex , sed lex " 라는 소크라테스의 말을 빌릴지도 모르겠다.

perhaps we do need to at least debate what education is really for in an era of monumental insecurity and change.
우리는 이토록 극심한 불안정과 변혁의 시대 속에서 진정한 교육이 무엇이며 어떤 역할을 해야 하는지에 관한 최소한의 논의라도 해야 하지 않을까 한다.

perhaps we could open a sweepstake now.
복권 추첨에 참여하는 데는 아무런 제품 구입도 필요 없으며 제품을 구입한다고 해서 참여자의 당첨 가능성이 높아지지도 않을 것이다.

perhaps park chu-young only needed a change of scenery.
아마도 박주영은 단지 무대의 변화만 필요할지도 모릅니다.

e-mail is very thoughtful ; a lot of time is put into accurately encoding feelings on the one end and carefully reading on the other.
이메일은 신중해진다. 충분한 시간을 들여 감정을 정확하게 문자로 표현해 전달하면 상대방도 그걸 받아 주의 깊게 읽을 수 있기 때문이다.

actually , i do not smoke. i was just wondering if this was a smoke-free environment.
사실 난 담배 안 피워요. 그냥 여기가 금연 구역인지 궁금했을 뿐이에요.

actually , i am trying to find journal articles about language acquisition. could you tell me where to look ?.
실은 언어 습득에 관한 정기간행물의 기사를 찾고 있습니다. 어디서 찾아야 할까요 ?.

actually , the proposed reform will withdraw from the common fund much of what it needs to honor its covenants with the citizenry.
이 개혁안이 실시되면 국민과의 계약을 지키는데 필요한 상당한 자금이 공동기금에서 빠져나가게 될것이다.

actually , some of the pushback has been hilarious.
사실 , 약간의 반발은 유쾌하기까지 했다.

festival of the arts it's called the reykjavik arts festival.
아트 페스티발 아트페스티발은 레이캬비크라고 불린다.

historic.
역사적.

historic.
유서 깊은.

historic.
역사적으로 유명한[중요한].

tenth.
십분의.

tenth.
십분의 일.

tenth.
열 번째.

annual conference next month.
몇몇 나라들은 국제 포경위원회 회원국의 일원으로서 , 다음 달 열리는 국제 포경위원회 연례 회의를 앞두고 다른 나라들의 적극적인 구애를 받고 있습니다.

conspicuous.
눈에 잘 띄는.

conspicuous.
두드러지다.

conspicuous.
현저하다.

childhood fears are a normal part of growing up.
어린아이들이 느끼는 두려움은 성장 과정에서 나타나는 정상적인 것이다.

charlie sheen is best known for the popular american sitcom series " two and a half men.
찰리 쉰은 유명한 미국 시트콤 시리즈인 " two and a half men " 으로 제일 잘 알려져 있다.

charlie sheen shares custody of two young daughters with ex-wife denise richards.
찰리 쉰은 전 부인 데니스 리차드와의 두 어린 딸에 대한 양육권을 공유하고 있다.

tight building syndrome.
폐결핵 환자.

worsening food shortages may be on the horizon for many mongolians following a particularly harsh winter.
유난히 혹독한 겨울이 지난 후 , 많은 몽골인들의 식량부족 사태는 더욱 심각해질지도 모릅니다.

worsening tensions are international sanctions that have left the hamas government flat broke.
긴장을 더욱 악화시키고 있는 것은 하마스 정부를 완전 파산하도록 만든 국제적인 제재조치들입니다.

deficit.
적자.

deficit.
결손.

deficit.
마이너스.

curb.
억제.

curb.
지지르다.

popular.
민중적인.

popular.
인기 있는.

popular.
통속적.

popular products such as shampoo , lotion , and toilet paper often go on sale.
샴푸 , 로션 , 화장지 같은 인기품목은 종종 세일을 한다.

aussie cuisine has changed a lot over the years.
오스트레일리아 요리법은 지난 세월동안 많이 바뀌었다.

moved the dresser without telling the woman.
그녀에게 말없이 화장대를 옮겼다.

moulin rouge is a place redolent of french night life in the 19th century.
물랭 루즈는 19세기 프랑스의 밤 생활을 떠올리게 하는 곳이다.

moulin rouge , a tragic musical movie about a paris burlesque show , is named as one of the best movies of the year.
파리의 통속적인 쇼에 대한 비극적인 뮤지컬 영화인 물랭 루즈가 그 해 최고의 영화 중 하나로 지명되었다.

hang your coat up on the peg.
코트를 못에 거세요.

turning the factory into a museum was a stroke of genius.
공장을 박물관으로 전환한다는 것은 아주 좋은 발상이었다.

terms and definitions for synchronous digital hierarchy (sdh) networks.
sdh 망 관련 용어 및 정의.

pope benedict last week invited countries without diplomatic relations with the vatican to establish ties soon.
베네딕트 교황은 바티칸과 외교관계를 맺고 있진 않지만 , 곧 맺길 바라는 나라들을 방문했습니다.

pope benedict made clear that in-vitro fertilization is considered morally wrong.
베네딕트 교황은 시험관 수정은 도덕적으로 잘못이라는 점을 분명히 했습니다.

candle.
양초.

candle.
초.

paris was besieged for four months and forced to surrender.
파리는 넉 달 동안 포위당해 항복을 할 수 밖에 없었다.

peace upon you from this place where the messiah was born.
구세주께서 탄생하신 이곳에서 당신께 평화가 깃들기를.

distance dependency of corner frequencies for earthquakes in and around the korean peninsula.
한반도 및 주변지역 지진 모서리 주파수의 거리 종속성.

aurous.
산화 제일금.

lakes also form in holes in limestone rocks.
호수들은 또한 석회석 바위에서 구멍을 내기도 한다.

polar.
극성의.

polar.
이온화된.

red is the color of passion and love.
붉은색은 정열과 사랑의 색깔이다.

red and violet are at opposite ends of the spectrum.
빨간색과 보라색은 스펙트럼의 정반대 편 양 끝에 있다.

red chili powder got stuck between the teeth.
잇새에 고춧가루가 끼었다.

skip the dynamic update step and continue installing windows.
동적 업데이트 단계를 건너뛰고 windows 설치를 계속 진행.

ancient greece was the birthplace of western civilization.
고대 그리스는 서구 문명의 요람이었다.

ancient greek philosophy was developed by three famous philosophers.
고대 그리스의 철학은 세 명의 유명한 철학자에 의해 발전되었다.

thus , before receiving baptism , the catechumen must make his profession of faith.
그리해서 세례를 받기전 예비신자는 반드시 신앙고백을 해야한다.

thus , for example , police officers at british airports routinely carry sub-machine guns , although there is no evidential pattern to suggest that this high-visibility weaponry offers any situational strategic advantage over a more subtle arming.
따라서 , 예를 들어 , 눈에 띄는 무기가 잠재적인 무장에 대해 어떤 상황적인 전략적 이익을 제공해준다는 것을 암시할 명백한 패턴이 없음에도 불구하고 , 영 국 공항에 있는 경찰관들은 관례적으로 소형 기관총을 지니고 다니는 거야.

thus , for example , police officers at british airports routinely carry sub-machine guns , although there is no evidential pattern to suggest that this high-visibility weaponry offers any situational strategic advantage over a more subtle arming.
따라서 , 예를 들어 , 눈에 띄는 무기가 잠재적인 무장에 대해 어떤 상황적인 전략적 이익을 제공해준다는 것을 암시할 명백한 패턴이 없음에 도 불구하고 , 영국 공항에 있는 경찰관들은 관례적으로 소형 기관총을 지니고 다니는 거야.

thus there is no absolute time.
그러므로 절대적 시간은 없다.

magnetic stripe's going to make things a bit easier.
마그네틱 선은 일을 좀 더 쉽게 만들 거야.

auriferous.
금을 함유하는.

poetry.
시.

poetry.
운문.

poetry.
시학.

poetry is written in different meters.
시는 다양한 운율로 쓰여진다.

visual environmental influence on an user's psycho-physiological health at healthcare facilities.
시간적 환경이 의료시설 이용자의 건강에 미치는 정신생리학적 영향.

optimism.
낙천주의.

optimism.
낙관.

optimism.
낙관주의.

sally , who came of age last month , concluded her agreement to purchase a house.
샐리는 지난달 성인이 되었으므로 집을 계약했다.

sally was popular and cracked it.
셀리는 인기도 있고 성공하였다.

sally : whoa , easy there my friend.
샐리 : 우와 , 진정해 친구.

sally showed up to save petra from the mutant beast.
샐리는 돌연변이 괴물로 부터 페트라를 구하기 위해 나타났다.

mary , he says reverently , has never berated me , it's not her style.
" mary ," 그가 경건하게 말했다. " 한 번도 나를 꾸짖은 적이 없어요. 이건 그녀의 말투가 아니예요. ".

mary was the child of a wealthy merchant and lived a happy life when young.
메리는 부유한 상인의 딸로서 행복한 어린 시절을 보냈다.

mary was criticizing the way jane was planting the flowers. john said , " never mind , mary , all roads lead to rome. ".
메리는 제인의 꽃 심는 방법에 대해 이래라저래라 말이 많았다. 존은 " 그만둬 , 메리. 여러 가지 방법이 있으니까 " 라고 말했다.

mary has great conversational power.
mary는 입담이 좋다.

mary stepped on the dais to address an audience.
mary는 청중에게 연설하기 위해 연단에 올라갔다.

mary arden and john shakespeare were married in 1557 and seven years later shakespeare was born.
메리 아든과 존 셰익스피어는 1557년에 결혼 했고 7년 후 셰익스피어가 태어났다.

mary whitehouse sees herself as the custodian of public morals.
메리 화이트하우스는 자신을 공중 도덕 지킴이라고 생각한다.

cancer racked her body with pain.
암은 그녀의 몸에 극심한 고통을 주었다.

lady gave a rather unbalanced account of the bus industry , but i shall not go on about that at length.
숙녀는 그 버스 회사의 미결산 계정을 제출했습니다. 그러나 저는 그 계정 검토를 계속할 수 없을 것입니다.

huck had drowned and became very mournful.
huck는 물에 빠지고 매우 간절해졌다.

amy is playing with a chipmunk in the park.
amy가 공원에서 다람쥐와 놀고 있다.

amy can not play the xylophone because it's very big.
실로폰이 너무 커서 amy가 연주할 수 없다.

amy was a bonny baby.
amy는 예쁘장한 아기였다.

lang.
존스 랑 라살.

rome was a grand civilization with magnificent roads , buildings , aqueducts and much more.
로마는 훌륭한 도로 , 건물 , 수로등을 갖춘 거대한 문명사회 였다.

caesar had the people at the back.
시저는 배후에 민중의 뒷받침이 있었다.

27 folklore materials angukdongyounboseonga.
문화재 지정 건축물의 문화자원적 활용을 위한 리노베이션 계획 연구.

bc.
기원전.

bc.
비시.

continuing conflict in eastern burma has had a terrible impact on the civilian population.
버마 동부 지역의 계속되는 충돌은 민간인들에게 끔직한 영향을 미치고 있다.

search and rescue teams said they were faced with an immense task of scouring large areas of land and sea.
수색 및 구조팀은 그들은 넓은 바다와 육지를 샅샅이 뒤져야 하는 엄청난 과제를 맞고 있다고 말했다.

fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed. (michael pritchard).
두려움은 네거티브 필름이 현상되는 그 작은 암실이다. (마이클 프리처드 , 용기명언).

admission.
입장료.

admission.
자백.

ireland is a much less densely populated country.
아일랜드는 사람이 사는 밀도가 적은나라다.

county.
군.

lock the wheels if you want to stop the car.
차를 세우려면 바퀴의 회전을 멈추게 해라.

spain is also europe's leading producer of high-grade iron ore.
스페인은 유럽의 고급철광석 주요 생산지이다.

locker.
사물함.

lunar.
달 탐색용 로켓.

lunar.
달 착륙선.

houston (0-2) , meanwhile , looked like its old self again , bumbling from the start.
한편 houston(0-2)은 처음부터 실수를 하면서 또 다시 옛날처럼 보였다.

exports are picking up against adverse conditions.
여러 가지 악조건에도 불구하고 수출이 호조를 보이고 있다.

figures in parenthesis refer to page numbers.
괄호 속에 있는 숫자들은 페이지를 가리킨다.

mobile.
핸드폰.

mobile.
단말기.

mobile.
휴대전화.

mobile phone stocks have been regarded as a prudent investment for a long time.
이동전화 주식은 오랫동안 전망이 있는 투자로 생각되었다.

classic white , black red many designer label's summer 2008 collection celebrates white by pairing it with black , red , and a touch of turquoise , the other essential , timeless colors of fashion that combine to create a classic yet modern style with a slight nautical influence.
고전적인 하얀색 , 검은색 , 그리고 빨간색 많은 디자이너들 브랜드의 2008 여름 콜렉션은 하얀색 의상을 검은색 , 빨간색 , 그리고 약간의 터키 색 , 그리고 선원의상의 영향을 약간 받은 고전적이면서도 현대적인 스타일을 창조하기 위해서 결합한 다른 필수적인 시간을 초월한 패션의 색과 맞춰 가면서 하얀색을 찬미했습니다.

adjustable lumbar support puts an end to lower back pain.
의자 바닥과 등받이는 당신에게 가장 편안한 각도로 조절되어 목과 어깨 통증을 방지해 주며 , 조절 가능한 허리 지지대는 하부 요통을 없애 줍니다.

stochastic quality function deployment method for selecting design/build(d/b) contractor.
설계시공 일괄계약자(design/build contractor) 선정을 위한 확률 ? 통계적 품질기능전개 기법.

breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death for women in their 40s (glazer 568).
유방암은 40대 여성들의 암으로 인한 사망 중 가장 큰 원인이다.

sclerotherapy : injection of small-medium sized veins with an agent to scar and close the veins can be performed in the office without anaesthesia.
혈관 강화 요법 : 작은 중간 크기의 혈관에 흉터 약품을 주사하는 것 그리고 혈관을 막는 것은 마취 없이 시행될 수 있습니다.

silicone.
실리콘.

silicone.
규소 수지.

silicone.
실리콘 수지.

plate anchorage length of reinforced concrete beams strengthened at soffit with epoxy bonded steel plates(ebsp).
에폭시 접착강판으로 밑면 보강된 철근 콘크리트 보의 보강길이 산정.

combustor.
연소실.

duct.
누관.

duct.
췌관.

duct.
타액관.

alexander the great ruled a large empire.
알렉산더 대왕은 대제국을 통치했다.

missile deployment did much to further polarize opinion in britain.
이 쟁점을 두고 여론이 양극화되었다.

mining.
채굴.

mining.
광무.

mining.
막장일.

mining requires a big investment in land , equipment and labor.
광업은 토지 , 장비 , 노동력에 있어서 막대한 투자를 필요로 한다.

cleanse your face thoroughly and pin back your hair.
정부는 쌓인 악폐를 일소한다.

due to the snowstorm , traffic has been completely shut down in selective areas.
폭설로 일부 구간은 차량이 전면 통제되었다.

due to sluggish sales , we currently have an above-average backlog of unsold inventory.
판매 부진으로 인해 , 우리 회사는 현재 평균을 웃도는 미판매 재고를 가지고 있다.

brutal.
흉악.

brutal.
잔인하다.

brutal.
무자비하다.

setting up a parking lot is in contemplation.
주차장 건설을 계획하고 있다.

emergency rule has been in effect in egypt since 1981 , when islamic militants assassinated president anwar sadat.
이집트는 이슬람 과격분자들이 안와르 사타트 대통령을 암살한 1981년 이래 비상사태를 선포해 시행하고 있습니다.

emergency teams are still clearing the debris from the plane crash.
응급팀이 아직도 그 비행기 사고로 인한 잔해들을 치우고 있다.

loudness is automatically controllable.
음량은 자동으로 조절할 수 있다.

acoustic emission activity characteristics of cfrp sheets strengthened rc beams with damage levels.
탄소섬유 쉬트로 보강된 철근콘크리트 보의 손상단계별 음향방출 특성.

it' s a very delicate situation and i' ve no wish to antagonize him.
그것은 아주 민감한 문제이고 나는 그의 반감을 사고 싶지 않다.

it' s a crime to desecrate the country' s flag.
국기를 욕되게 하는 것은 범죄이다.

it' s about time we democratized the organization of this company.
이 회사의 조직을 민주화할 때가 되었다.

it' s just another novel about the joys and sorrows of adolescence.
그것은 청춘의 기쁨과 슬픔에 관한 또 하나의 소설이다.

brain damage can occur if a person drinks enough to go into a coma.
만약 코마상태에 빠질 정도로 술에 취한다면 뇌는 손상될 수 있다.

namwon is a town noted for its beauties of nature.
남원은 산수가 아름다운 곳이다.

smoking is the most significant risk factor for the development and worsening of peripheral arterial disease.
흡연의 가장 심각한 위험요인은 주변동맥질환을 합병증으로 발전시켜 최악의 상태로 만드는 점이다.

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
강당에서는 흡연을 엄금하고 있다.

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
no smoking in this car.(게시).

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
차내 금연.

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
no smoking in the car ! (게시).

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
이곳에서 담배를 피우지 말 것.

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
차내 금연 !.

smoking is strictly prohibited in the auditorium.
no smoking in this area.(게시) or smoking is prohibited here.(게시).

ceremony.
식.

ceremony.
예식.

ardor.
열정.

ardor.
정열.

ardor.
열김.

predictive evaluation of thermal environments in a large-scale auditorium applied by the under floor supply air conditioning system.
바닥취출 공조방식을 적용한 대규모 공연장의 온열환경 예측평가.

director roger zemeckis tried to have it both ways , using angelina jolie's voice and bitmapping her booty in beowulf.
로저 제멕키스 감독은 안젤리나 졸리의 목소리를 사용하고 그녀의 전리품을컴퓨터로 비트맵화 하여 베오울프에서 양쪽 모두를 가지려고 했습니다.

dam.
댐.

dam.
홍수막이하다.

dam.
제언을 쌓다.

especially when your church is facing schism.
특히 당신의 교회가 분열을 직면하고 있을 때이다.

throughout the middle ages moats were used as defensively.
중세기 전반에걸쳐 해자는 방어용으로 사용 되었다.

throughout all his adventures , tom is guided by his bravery and curiosity.
그의 모든 모험 내내 , 톰은 용기와 호기심에 의해 이끌려 졌다.

throughout his career , mr. miller's plays carried a strong emphasis on family , morality and personal responsibility.
밀러의 희곡작품들은 모두 일관적으로 가족과 도덕성 , 그리고 개인의 책임감에 대해 매우 강한 의미를 부여하고 있습니다.

throughout his trial he maintained a dignified silence.
그는 재판 내내 품위 있는 태도로 침묵을 지켰다.

throughout his lifetime , the owner confided only in his wife.
지금까지 살아오면서 그 사장은 비밀을 오직 부인에게만 털어놓았다.

verify.
검증.

polling has been heavy since 8a.m.
오전 8시 이후로 투표가 많이 이뤄지고 있다.

review of the draft enforcement ordinance of the agricultural land act.
농지법시행령안의 검토.

actors bill bueller and nancy luster will star in a new series of antilitter advertisements for television , newspapers , and magazines.
배우인 빌 부엘러와 낸시 러스터는 텔레비전 , 신문 및 잡지용 쓰레기 투기 반대 광고에 출연할 것이다.

mickey mouse earcaps and other disney souvenirs are on sale across hong kong.
미키마우스 귀덮개와 여러 디즈니 기념품들이 홍콩 전역에서 판매되고 있습니다.

blucas sealed the deal after an impressive audition.
블루카스는 인상적인 오디션 후에 계약을 체결하였다.

kat and mikey are lying awake in bed , and rex does crunches on the floor.
kat과 mikey는 깨어있는 상태에서 침대에 누워있고 rex는 마루에서 윗몸일으키기 한다.

kat says she danced at her audition.
kat은 그녀의 오디션에서 춤을췄었다고 말했다.

besides , i do not need long-time shooting.
게다가 저는 장시간 촬영은 필요 없어요.

besides the cane toad , wild cats and rabbits have also had a devastating effect on the australian landscape.
수수 두꺼비 외에도 , 야생 고양이와 토끼도 또한 호주의 전망에 파괴적인 효과를 주고 있습니다.

besides that , he has many points to commend him.
그밖에 , 그는 좋은 점이 많이 있어요.

besides causing constipation and stomach upset , it may block the absorption of other critical minerals , especially zinc and iron.
변비와 위장장애를 일으킬 뿐 아니라 , 다른 필수 광물질 , 특히 아연과 철분 같은 물질의 흡수를 차단한다.

regular exercise is important for general health , but remember that too much exercise can weaken the body.
정규적인 운동은 일반적인 건강에 중요하다 , 하지만 지나친 운동은 신체를 약하게 만드는 것을 기억하라.

regular exposure to loud music and noise can inflict permanent hearing damage.
시끄러운 음악이나 소음에 정기적으로 노출되면 영구적인 청각 손상을 입을 수 있다.

oversight.
한각.

accountancy just is not sexy.
회계 업무는 그저 신나지가 않아.

he'd blow his top if he knew i was not home.
내가 외출한 걸 아시면 크게 화내실거야.

strict censorship is enforced in some countries.
일부 국가에서는 엄격한 검열이 시행된다.

debacle.
글로벌 금융위기.

frame-synchronous control and indication signals for audiovisual system.
시청각 시스템에 대한 프레임 동기식 제어 및 표시 신호 표준.

advance tickets for the landsford ferry's final voyage can be bought by calling 55-f-e-r-r-y.
랜스포드 페리호의 마지막 항해를 위한 티켓 예매는 55-f-e-r-r-y로 전화 하시면 됩니다.

recommended oils for deodorant blends.
탈취제 혼합물을 위한 추천 오일.

saddam and seven co-defendants are on trial for the holocaust of 148 shi'ites in the town of dujail in the 1980s.
사담 후세인과 공동피고인들은 1980년대에 두자일 마을에서 시아파 이라크인 148명을 집단학살한 혐의로 재판을 받아왔습니다.

saddam hussein had a price on his head during his disappearance.
후세인이 없어진 동안 그에게 현상금이 달렸었다.

osama bin laden once held accounts at the defunct bank of credit and commerce international , which was closed in the early 1990s.
오사마 빈 라덴은 한 때 1990년대 초에 문을 닫아서 지금은 사라져버린 bcci 은행의 계좌를 가지고 있었다.

holy.
성스럽다.

holy.
신성.

holy michael , the archangel , defend us in the day of battle.
신성한 천사장 미카엘은 우리를 싸움의 나날로부터 지켜준다.

holy crap ! we just had an earthquake.
말도 안돼 ! 우린 방금 지진을 느낀 거야.

songs of birds wafted on the breeze from the woods.
새의 노랫소리가 미풍을 타고 숲에서 들려왔다.

pick me up on your back , please , mamma !.
어부바해 줘 , 엄마 !.

pete does not like his penguin suit.
pete는 그의 야회복을 좋아하지 않는다.

send a stamped self-addressed envelope to the following address.
반송용 봉투를 다음 주소로 부쳐라.

send it to me by post.
나한테 우편으로 보내라.

send all those endorphins coursing through your veins.
모든 엔돌핀을 여러분의 혈관을 통해 흐를 수 있도록 보내라.

send that form to my writer to the signet.
서류를 저의 법정 외 변호사께 보내세요.

lets you choose the level of contrast in the game between black and white.
게임에서 검정색과 흰색 사이의 대비 수준을 선택할 수 있습니다.

lets you enter a name that your team or clan will be identified by in the game.
플레이어의 팀이나 클랜이 게임에서 사용할 이름을 입력할 수 있습니다.

lets you select how much of an object is displayed on your screen.
화면에 표시될 목표물 수를 선택할 수 있습니다.

lets you remove the selected profile and all its related information. this removal is permanent.
선택한 프로필 및 모든 관련 정보를 제거할 수 있습니다. 이 때 영구적으로 제거됩니다.

settings for optional component files. many files may not exist on a given machine.
선택적 구성 요소 파일에 대한 설정. 많은 파일들이 해당 컴퓨터에 존재하지 않을 것입니다.

physician.
의사.

plus , learn how to make everyone's favorite pie fillings : apple , peach , blueberry , cherry , pumpkin , and lemon meringue.
또한 사과 , 복숭아 , 블루 베리 , 체리 , 호박과 레몬 머랭 등 누구나가 좋아하는 파이 속을 만드는 법도 배울 수 있습니다.

pirated dvd copies are being circulated even before the movie begins screening.
영화가 개봉하기도 전에 해적판 dvd가 나돌고 있다.

breathless.
가쁘다.

breathless.
숨차다.

breathless.
숨을 죽이고 지켜보다.

smart prometheus went to the god of technology , hephaestus.
영리한 프로메테우스는 대장장이 신 헤파이스토스에게 갔습니다.

smart savers flee from savings institutions.
약삭빠른 저축자들이 예금 기관으로부터 이탈하고 있다.

chairman.
회장.

threatening.
협박적인.

threatening.
위협적.

repeat with second wreath form.
두 번째 화환 형태에 다시 반복하세요.

bike technician : professional or near-professional bicycle technician wanted.
자전거 기술자 : 자전거 전문 기술자 또는 그에 버금가는 기술을 가진 사람을 구합니다.

dealers are doing business at an auction.
중개인들이 경매장에서 상품들을 거래하고 있다.

ceiling painting , one of the most famous pieces by ono , is featured in the exhibit.
오노의 가장 유명한 작품 중 하나인 " 천장화 " 도 전시장에 선보이게 된다.

sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of parmesan cheese.
남아있는 파르마 치즈 2테이블스푼을 뿌리세요.

sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve.
자른 파슬리를 뿌리고 차려줘.

sprinkle yeast over warm water and let stand 5 minutes , until yeast is bubbly.
따뜻한 물에 이스트를 뿌리고 , 거품이 일 때까지 5분간 놓아둔다.

half a million hectares have been charred by the bush fires.
지금까지 50만 헥타르가 불에 탔습니다.

half of the posts will be lost through natural wastage.
그 직책의 절반은 자연 감소를 통해 없어질 것이다.

rinse out cleaning cloths after use and hang to dry.
사용 후에 세척포를 헹군 후 널어서 말려라.

rinse under running water for the same amount of time.
똑같은 시간동안 손을 흐르는 물에 헹궈라.

rinse corn husks and soak in warm water until pliable.
옥수수 껍질을 씻은뒤 따뜻한 물에 부드러워질 때까지 담궈라.

continue adding butter until all is incorporated.
모두 다 잘 섞어질때까지 계속 버터를 넣어 주세요.

prick.
쑥쑥 쑤시다.

prick.
찔리다.

prick the aubergines with a fork and place on a baking tray.
가지를 포크로 구멍이 나게 찌른 다음 구이판 위에 올려 놓는다.

tray.
쟁반.

tray.
미결 서류함.

tray.
기결 서류함.

basic design of hydrogen liquefier precooled by cryogenic refirgerator.
극저온냉동기 예냉 수소액화기의 기초설계.

basic design of suspension bridge between jeokgeum-yeongnam.
적금-영남간 연륙교(현수교) 기본설계.

prove.
증명.

prove.
논증.

prove.
실증.

package.
소포.

package.
패키지.

hundreds of people lined up to get tickets to the movie , lured by the publicity and the controversy.
수백 명의 사람들이 소문과 논란에 이끌려 영화표를 사기 위해 줄지어 서 있습니다.

hundreds of small marshy islets , rugged limestone mountains , a great variety of birdlife , flora and fauna , and a name derived from legend - park of three hundred peaks says it all about our next destination.
수백 개의 늪으로 된 섬 , 바위투성이의 석회암 산들 , 많은 다양한 조류와 동식물 , 그리고 300개의 봉우리를 가진 공원이라는 전설에서 유래 한 이름을 가진 공원은 이곳이 바로 우리에게 다음 목적지에 대해서 상세히 말해줘요.

hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of pollen grains are dispersed.
수백만 , 아니 수십만의 화분립이 흩어졌다.

wage.
임금.

wage.
급료.

attribution.
권한 다툼.

either way , it is normally black people that commit crimes.
어차피 범죄를 일으키는 사람들은 죄다 흑인들뿐입니다.

positive action should not be confused with positive discrimination.
긍정적 행위는 긍정적 차별(사회적 약자우대정책)과 혼동되지 말아야 한다.

physical.
신체검사.

physical.
물리적.

physical channels and mapping of transport channels onto physical channels (fdd) (r99).
imt-2000 3gpp-물리 채널과 물리채널/전송채널 매핑.

edison's many discoveries set the stage for the incredible technology today.
에디슨의 수많은 발견들은 놀라운 현대 과학기술의 발판이 되었다.

male birds do most of the singing.
대부분 수컷새들이 노래를 한다.

analysts say that brings up the question what will the international community do to curtail iran's nuclear weapons ambitions.
평가에 따라 , 국제 사회는 이란의 핵 야욕을 저지하기 위해 어떤 행동을 취해야 하는가 라는 질문이 제기되고 있다고 , 분석가들은 지적했습니다. ?.

analysts expect the company to report sales of $43.2 billion.
전문가들은 그 회사가 432억 달러의 매출 신고를 할 것으로 내다보고 있다.

%s %s tripped its alert threshold. %s is %s the limit value of %s.
%s에 %s이(가) 경고 임계값을 발생했습니다. %s이(가) 제한값보다 %s습니다. 제한값은 %s입니다.

methodology improvement of the design construction of the condensed building both for the waste reduction and environment conservation.
초집적건축물의 폐기물 저감/환경보전을 위한 설계/시공 방법 개선.

god rest his soul and long live blackboard rulers.
신은 그의 영혼을 쉬게하고 지배자 아래 긴 인생을 산다.

god blessed her with good children.
신은 그녀에게 착한 자식들을 주셨다.

strategies for the local design market in the field of architecture : how to cope with u.r.
건축설계업무의 국제화와 우리의 자세 : 외국건축가와의 협동작업경험을 바탕으로 한 견해.

acid eats into metals. or acid causes metal to corrode.
금속은 산에 의해 부식된다.

selection.
선별.

selection.
선발.

covering 320 acres in manoa valley on the island of oahu , the campus was founded in 1907 as a land grant to cultivate interest in agriculture and mechanical arts.
오하우 섬 manoa valley에 320에이커 면적을 차지하고 있는 그 대학은 농업과 기계학에 대한 흥미를 계발하기 위해 정부에서 부상으로 불하받은 토지에 1907년 설립했다.

initially , creating a computer-generated character is costly and time consuming.
초기에 컴퓨터 세대의 특징을 만드는 것은 시간과 돈이 많이 소요되는 일이었다.

mainland china is called the people's republic of china.
중국 본토는 " 중화인민공화국 " 이라고 불립니다.

harsh winters do characterize the country , inspiring famed quebecois folk singer , gilles vigneault , to write " mon pays n'est pas un pays , c'est l'hiver " - my country is not a country , its winter.
매서운 겨울은 이 도시에 특징을 부여하고 , 유명한 퀘벡 민요 가수 gilles vigneault에게 영감을 주어 " mon pays n'est pas un pays , c'est l'hiver " - " 내 조국은 나라가 아니다 , 그것은 겨울이다 " 를 쓰게 했어요.

slack.
느슨하다.

observe.
지켜보다.

observe.
관찰.

observe.
목격.

investigators say farms in belgium and several other countries received animal feed that contained dioxin.
조사자들에 따르면 벨기에를 비롯한 몇몇 다른 나라의 농가에 다이옥신이 함유된 동물사료가 공급되었다고 합니다.

investigators were trying to determine where the stowaway boarded the plane.
조사자들은 밀입국자들이 비행기를 어디서 탄 것인지 알아내려 조사 중이다.

investigations of the old namgang multpurpose dam and their applications , appendix.
남강구댐의조사및활용방안연구 , 부록.

investors are taking their cue from the big banks and selling dollars.
투자가들이 대형 은행들을 보고 힌트를 얻어 달러를 팔고 있다.

animal conservation groups want political asylum in sweden for wolf norwegian hunters are trying to kill.
동물보호 단체들은 늑대를 노르웨이의 사냥꾼들로부터 보호하기 위해서 스웨덴 내에 정치적인 피난처를 원한다.

zoo keepers are careful when feeding this bird.
동물원 관리인들은 이 새에게 모이를 먹일 때는 아주 조심합니다.

shopping centers use salts or chemical deicers on their parking lots in winter , which can pollute groundwater and lead to all kinds of health problems.
쇼핑 센터는 겨울에 주차장에 소금이나 화학 제빙제를 사용하는데 , 이는 지하수를 오염시켜서 결국 온갖 종류의 건강 문제를 초래하게 됩니 다.

mutual authentication mechanism based for 2.3ghz band portable internet service.
2.3ghz 휴대인터넷 상호 인증 메커니즘.

el hinnawy was so impressed by the ruling that she burst into tears in the courtroom.
히나위씨는 판결에 감동해 법정에서 눈물을 터뜨렸습니다.

chameleons come in more than 84 varieties.
카멜레온의 종류는 여든 네 가지가 넘습니다.

visitors to the show witness a simulation of an ingenious solution for diverting a possible impact.
쇼를 관람하는 사람들은 있을지도 모르는 충돌을 딴 곳으로 돌리는 창의력이 뛰어난 해결책의 시뮬레이션을 보게 됩니다.

boost.
북돋다.

boost.
고양시키다.

boost.
제고.

attorney for chuck's scrap yard proposes a settlement.
척스 스크랩 야드측 변호사가 분쟁 조정을 신청함.

settlement.
해결.

settlement.
정착.

kevin logan , 18 , went to the west side high school prom on may 25 in a slinky fuchsia gown and high heels.
18세의 케빈 로간은 5월 25일에 실루엣이 드러나는 적자색의 드레스를 입고 하이힐을 신은 채 웨스트 사이드 고등학교 무도회에 갔다.

attitude is not only important in athletics but in everything one does.
태도는 운동경기에서 뿐만 아니라 사람들이 행하는 모든 분야에서도 중요하다.

deferential.
공겸.

increasingly , experts say , european governments are introducing new immigration tests and other screening devices to attract only the brightest and most qualified workers.
갈수록 더 많은 유럽 국가 정부들이 오로지 가장 전망이 좋고 가장 좋은 자격을 가진 근로자들만을 끌어 들이기 위해 새로운 이민 검증 제도 와 장치들을 도입하고 있다고 전문가들은 말하고 있습니다.

common factors and differences in cleanroom requirements for individual applications(1994-06).
클린룸의 적용분야별 특성.

confused ? just try it , it's easy.
복잡하다구요 ? 그냥 시도해보세요. 쉽답니다.

confused by the world of hard and software , bits and bytes , mice and modems ?.
하드웨어 , 소프트웨어 , 비트 , 바이트 , 마우스 모뎀이라는 말들을 들으면 머리가 어지러우세요 ?.

mustard gas (yperite) was first used by the german army in september 1917.
머스터드 가스(이페릿)는 1917년 9월 독일 육군에 의해 최초로 사용되었다.

contrary.
역의.

contrary to many people's expectations , new york city (nyc) turned out to be the safest city among cities with a population exceeding 500 , 000 residents in the u.s.
많은 사람의 기대와 다르게 미국에서 5십만 명 이상 거주하는 곳 중에서 뉴욕이 가장 안전한 도시로 밝혀졌다.

appropriate land management and drainage systems are important in reducing run-off and soil erosion.
적절한 토지의 관리와 배수 시스템은 유거수와 토양 침식을 감소시키는 데 있어서 중요하다.

normally.
통상.

normally.
보통으로.

normally more recent events are remembered most vividly.
대개 최근의 사건들이 가장 생생하게 기억되기 마련이다.

alvin toffler was one of the most visionary futurists in the twentieth century.
엘빈 토플러는 20세기에 가장 예지력 있는 미래학자 중 한 사람이었다.

allow.
허용.

allow to plump up , then drain.
퉁퉁 불게 해주시고 , 그리고 물기를 빼주세요.

utilization of attic space in top floor apartments with pitched roof.
경사지붕 최상층세대의 공간활용에 관한 연구.

officers found the car in a ditch in the west end of carson city early this morning.
이 차량은 오늘 아침 일찍 카슨 시 서쪽 끝에 있는 한 도랑에서 발견되었습니다.

officers tend to interpret positive action as positive discrimination.
담당자들은 긍정적 행위를 긍정적 차별로 해석하는 경향이 있다.

brown is jumping on the bandwagon and will not do anything.
브라운은 분위기에 편승하여 아무것도 하지 않을 것이다.

antiquated.
케케묵다.

antiquated.
고루하다.

antiquated.
낡다.

junk mail stuffed in with your bank statement or credit card bill ? toss.
자신의 은행계좌 거래내역이나 신용카드 대금청구서와 함께 우송되어 오는 잡동사니 우편물이 있으면 쓰레기통에 던져 버리세요.

attica.
아티카.

crystallization.
결정 생성.

crystallization.
결정점.

crystallization.
결정계.

witnesses say they heard loud blasts and that smoke was billowing from an area where hezbollah has its headquarters.
목격자들은 , 헤즈볼라 본부가 있는 지역에서 큰 폭발음과 함께 연기가 솟아났다고 전했습니다.

violence is the dominant theme of all mass media.
폭력적인 것은 모든 대중 매체의 가장 우세한 주제이다.

violence in baghdad.
이라크 주둔 미군 사령관은 바그다드에서 발생하고 있는 일련의 종파간 폭력 사태는 알-카에다 테러 분자들과 시아파의 암살단에 일차적인 책임이 있다고 말했습니다.

opposition between the local government and the populace lasted for about two months.
지방정부와 주민 간의 대립이 2개월간 지속되었다.

opposition parties and the council of europe observer mission are expressing concern about the vote's legitimacy.
야당과 유럽의회 선거감시단은 투표의 합법성에 관해 우려를 표명하고 있습니다.

constable.
순경.

attenuation.
감쇠.

attenuation.
감쇄.

impact analysis of tradable pollution permits scheme on a multi-region economy : a recursive multi-region cge modeling approach.
동태적 다지역 cge 모형을 이용한 배출권거래제 운영방안에 관한 연구.

measurement and evaluation of corporate information technology through the balanced scorecard.
1999 추계국제학술대회 논문집.

circumstances did not permit my attending the party.
사정이 있어 파티에 참석할 수 없었다.

eventually , the coin had to be redesigned and recirculated.
결국 , 동전은 다시 디자인 되었고 재순환되어야 했었다.

eventually , we alighted on the idea of seeking sponsorship.
결국 우리는 재정적인 후원을 받을 생각을 해냈다.

nobody is free from the anguish of life.
누구도 인생의 번뇌로부터 자유로울 수 없다.

nobody is predicting a breakthrough in stalled six-party negotiations on the issue.
현재 교착상태에 빠져있는 6자 회담의 돌파구가 마련될 것으로 예측하는 사람은 아무도 없습니다.

nobody can reverse the tidal wave.
누구도 대세를 거스를 수는 없다.

nobody wants the state to abnegate its responsibility for protecting residents and punishing law-breakers.
아무도 그 주가 거주민들을 보호하고 위법자들을 처벌하는 책임감을 져버리길 원하지 않는다.

nobody knows when all this will end , but most analysts expect only four or five strong carriers to survive the current shakeout in the skies.
이 모든 것이 언제 끝이 날지 아무도 예측할 수 없으나 대부분의 분석가들은 4~5개의 재력 있는 항공사들만이 현재의 항공업 침체에서 살아 남을 것이라 보고 있다.

politicians are notorious egotists , interested only in promoting themselves.
경찰관들은 오직 승진에만 관심이 있는 악명 높은 자기중심주의자들이다.

politicians are (old) pros at criticizing each other.
정치가들은 서로를 헐뜯는 데는 선수들이다.

politicians accused the president of violating his neutrality by speaking in favor of a particular party.
정계에서는 대통령이 특정 정당을 지지하는 발언을 함으로써 대통령으로서의 중립성 잃었다는 비난이 쏟아졌다.

she' s a complete nymphomaniac !.
그 애는 정말 색정광이야 !.

she' s so bigoted that she refuses to accept anyone who doesn' t think like her.
그녀는 몹시 완고해서 자기와 다르게 생각하는 사람을 받아들이지 않는다.

she' s really squeamish and can' t stand the sight of blood.
그녀는 정말 쉽게 토한다. 그래서 피를 보는 것을 견딜 수 없다.

cinematic.
작품성.

feed tablets directly to your dog or crumble and stir into food.
정제를 개에게 직접 먹이거나 가루를 내서 먹이에 섞으십시오.

absorbing boundary conditions for scalar wave propagation in unbounded domains.
무한 경계에서 스칼라파 전달을 위한 흡수 경계 조건.

tonight will be partly to mostly cloudy and breezy , with occasional showers throughout the region.
오늘 밤은 부분적 또는 전체적으로 흐리고 바람이 약하게 불겠으며 , 가끔 전 지역에 걸쳐 소나기가 내리겠습니다.

tonight will be partly to mostly cloudy and breezy , with occasional showers throughout the region.
" 여러분 안녕. " 그가 경쾌하게 말했다.

realize reality and stop living in a fool's paradise.
환상의 세계에 그만 살고 현실을 깨달아라.

who's going to videotape your wedding ?.
당신 결혼을 누가 녹화할 겁니까 ?.

arrange the tables in a ring.
탁자들을 둥글게 배열해라.

arrange 5 pieces of banana on pudding layer to form section dividers.
독서실에는 책상마다 칸막이를 쳐 놓았다.

distribute.
널리 반포하다.

distribute.
배포.

distribute.
배급.

miscast.
미스캐스트.

playing the role of a policewoman was very hard.
여경 역할을 하는 것이 무척이나 어려웠어요.

queen.
여왕.

pull down : lats , trapezius and triceps stretch balance on the bike with weight resting on the arms.
끌어내리기 : lats , 승모근 그리고 3두근 스트레칭 팔을 늘어트리는 무게로 자전거 위에서 균형을 잡으세요.

pull crispy skin off and slice on the bias.
딱딱한 껍질을 벗겨내고 한방향으로 얇게 썬다.

representatives wil be available during registration to answer questions or help with any problems you may have.
등록 기간 동안 여러분의 질문에 답해 주거나 문제점을 해결해 줄 회사 직원이 상주할 것입니다.

owing.
전쟁 때문에.

owing.
시끄러워서.

owing to the big catches of sardines , the towns along the coast are having an unusual boom.
정어리의 풍어로 연안의 도시들은 대단한 호경기다.

dedication.
헌신.

dedication.
봉헌.

unable.
능력이 없다.

unable to open the file %s.
%s 파일을 열 수 없습니다.

unable to complete the operation on " %s " .the diagnostic code is 0x%x.
%s에서 작업을 완료할 수 없습니다.진단 코드는 0x%x입니다.

unable to perform migration task. another migration task is currently active.
마이그레이션 작업을 수행할 수 없습니다. 다른 마이그레이션 작업이 활성 상태입니다.

unable to remove the directory %s.
%s 디렉터리를 지울 수 없습니다.

unable to initiate dde communication with the program manager.
와 dde 통신을 시작할 수 없습니다.

persons working with these compounds should familiarize themselves with the safety instructions in the accompanying booklet.
이 화합물을 다루는 사람은 함께 포장되어 있는 안전지침서를 숙지한다.

mt. sorak is noted for the glorious tints of its autumn foliage.
설악산은 아름다운 가을 단풍으로 유명합니다.

suicide is not a heroic act.
자살을 영웅적 행위 아니다.

suicide is the taking of one's own life.
자살이란 자신 스스로 삶을 앗아가는것이다.

post office is a generic term which can not be legally protected as a patent.
우체국은 보편적인 용어이므로 상표로 보호될 수 없다.

likewise , a lion would never hold back its hunger , aggressiveness , or any other instinctive behavior.
이와같이 , 사자는 배고픔 , 공격성 , 또는 어떤 다른 본능적인 행동도 절대 제어할 수 없다.

likewise , a branch-leaping lemur might continue on its way , unaware that a chameleon dinner is within easy reach.
마찬가지로 , 나뭇가지 사이를 뛰어 다니는 여우원숭이도 저녁밥인 카멜레온이 지척에 있는 것도 모르고 그냥 제 갈길을 갑니다.

likewise , the professor knew he was sick before traveling.
마찬가지로 , 그 교수는 그가 여행을 하기전에 아프다는 것을 알았다.

cook.
요리사.

cook.
조리사.

cook the macaroni cheese in an oven.
이제 마카로니 치즈를 오븐에서 구워 주세요.

cook or thaw the spinach , then squeeze it dry.
시금치를 요리하거나 녹이고 , 그리고나서 쥐어짜서 말린다.

cook until most of the tomato juice has evaporated.
토마토 주스가 모두 증발될 때 까지 요리해라.

cook ravioli in boiling salted water , drain and set aside.
소금을 넣고 끓인 물에 라비올리를 익힌 다음 물을 빼서 한 쪽에 놓는다.

prior to the construction of the lighthouse , the rocky coastline around cape brown had been the site of dozens of shipwrecks.
등대가 세워지기 전까지만 해도 케이프브라운 주변의 암초로 이루어진 해안선은 수많은 선박들이 난파되던 곳이었다.

prior to that , aluminum was considered precious and was mainly used in small quantities to make fine jewelry and other decorative objects.
그 이전에는 알루미늄을 귀하게 여겨서 주로 보석류나 장식품을 만드는 데 소량으로 사용했습니다.

prior to 1990 , most companies even multinational companies , had policies in place that encourage women to quit once they got married.
1990년 이전에는 심지어 다국적 회사를 포함한 거의 모든 회사에 , 여자들은 일단 결혼을 하면 회사를 그만두라고 장려하는 방침이 있었습니 다.

prior to marilyn monroe , a star's life was hidden from the public.
마릴린 먼로 이전에는 , 스타의 삶이 대중에게 알려지지 않고 숨겨져 있었다.

prior rafting experience , good physical condition , and the ability to swim are required.
참가 자격 요건은 이전에 래프팅 경력이 있고 , 강인한 신체 조건과 , 수영 능력이 요구됩니다.

standards setting for turing forest resources into tourism assets for recreation : 1) development method of recreational forests and policy direction.
산림자원의 휴양 관광자원화 위한 기준설정 : 1) 산림휴양개발방법과 정책방향.

cyprus.
키프로스.

cyprus.
사이프러스.

relationship between demographics and tertiary sector in rural asia.
농촌 지역의 인구 변화와 3차산업 분포.

proficiency in one or more east european languages (preferably including russian) as well as german is required.
독일어뿐만 아니라 한 , 두개 이상의 동유럽권 언어의 (러시아어 우대) 구사능력 또한 요구됩니다.

probably.
아마.

probably , but i do not know his phone number.
아마 그럴거에요. 하지만 전화 번호는 모르겠는데요.

heaven helps those who help themselves.
하늘은 스스로 돕는 자를 돕는다.

heaven helps those who help themselves is a famous epigram.
'하늘은 스스로 돕는 자를 돕는다'는 유명한 경구다.

lions do only two things. sauntering about , or sleeping.
사자는 두 가지 일만 한다. 어슬렁거리며 산책하거나 잠을 자거나.

lions and tigers are carnivores , while sheep and goats mainly eat grass.
사자와 호랑이는 육식성 동물이다. 반면 양과 염소는 주로 풀을 먹는다.

tears pass through tear ducts near the eyes.
눈물은 눈 부근의 누관을 지난다.

tears contain about the same proportion of salt as blood does.
눈물은 혈액과 동일한 비율의 염분을 함유하고 있습니다.

district coordinator will enjoy a hands-on role , managing and hiring regional vendors , maintaining product quality , and being actively involved in new product development.
지사장은 현지 판매업자의 관리 및 고용 , 품질 관리 등을 직접 관할하며 , 신상품 개발에도 적극 참여하게 됩니다.

district judge leonie brinkema ordered her to serve 18 months , partly because the judge concluded that kuo domineered kang.
나치는 1차 세계대전 동안 유럽대륙을 압제했다.

militant.
전투적.

prey.
먹이.

prey.
함정에 빠지다.

prey.
봉이 되다.

warships could keep direction properly , though it gave enemy the stem.
함선은 다른 배와 부딪혀 갔으나 제대로 방향을 유지할 수 있었다.

warships were sent in as the crisis deepened.
위기가 악화되자 전함이 투입되었다.

guard your honor. let your reputation fall where it will. and outlive the bastards. (lois mcmaster bujold).
명예를 지켜라. 평판이 떨어질 때는 그대로 두라. 그리고 놈들보다 더 오래 살아 남으라. (로이스 맥마스터 부욜 , 명예명언).

watch your mouth of all loves.
제발 부탁이니 말 조심해라.

watch out ! oh , boy , that was a close call.
조심해 ! 아이구 , 큰일날 뻔했구나.

hormone.
호르몬.

hormone.
호르몬제.

hormone.
호르몬제를 복용하다.

hormone therapy can reduce a woman's risk of osteoporosis during and after menopause.
여성이 폐경 중이나 폐경 후에 호르몬 치료를 받으면 골다공증 위험을 줄일 수 있다.

determinants of the difference between pre-sale price and market price of a new condominium.
신규 주택시장의 가격상승 발생 원인 분석.

determinants of seoulites' opinion of pros or cons on the multifunctional administrative city construction.
행정중심복합도시 건설에 대한 서울시민의 찬반 결정요인 분석.

seismic design of damage tolerant braced frame system.
손상방지 가새골조 시스템의 내진설계.

seismic response of multistory residential-commercial building structures.
고층 주상복합건물의 지진거동 분석.

seismic assessment of plan-irregular wall structures using adaptive modal analysis.
수정 모드해석방법을 이용한 비대칭 벽식 구조물의 내진성능평가.

seismic protection for multiple span continuous steel bridges using shape memory alloy-restrainer-dampers.
형상기억합금을 이용한 다경간 연속 강교량의 지진보호.

seismic fragility analysis of psc containment building by nonlinear analysis.
비선형 지진해석에 의한 psc 격납건물의 지진취약도 분석.

theoretical and experimental study of composite beams with web opening.
유공 web 합성보의 이론 및 실험적 연구 : i. 유공 web 합성보의 실험.

theoretical analysis of modified semi-rigid beam-to-column connection.
변형된 반강접 보-기둥 접합부의 이론적 해석.

theoretical reviews of client briefing and suggestions for conducting it in korea.
건축주 브리핑의 이론적 고찰 및 이의 국내 수행 방향 제언.

afraid.
조마조마하다.

afraid.
두렵다.

afraid.
무섭다.

silk goods have sunken in price.
견직물의 값이 떨어졌다.

photo.
사진.

photo.
반명함판 사진.

photo.
사진관.

wallpaper wrinkles when you hang it wrong.
벽지를 잘못 바르면 운다.

attach this rope to the front of the car.
이 밧줄을 자동차 앞부분에 연결해라.

attach sprigs of arborvitae to the form , and wrap them in place with floral wire.
측백나무 잔가지를 형태에 붙이고 , 꽃 철사로 덮으세요.

globe voters tend to overlook departed shows , even great ones.
골든 글로브 투표인단은 종영된 프로그램의 경우에는 비록 대작이었다 할지라도 그냥 간과해 버리는 경향이 있습니다.

cats and dogs can carry bedbugs into the home.
고양이와 개는 집 안으로 빈대를 가지고 올 수 있습니다.

amputee.
팔 절단 환자.

amputee.
절단 환자.

amputee.
팔절단환자.

terminal adaptation functions (taf) for services using asynchronous bearer capabilities.
imt-2000 3gpp - 비동기 베어러 서비스를 위한 터미널 적응 기능.

terminal adaptation functions (taf) for services using synchronous bearer capabilities.
imt-2000 3gpp - 동기 베어러 서비스를 위한 터미널 적응 기능.

battery.
배터리.

battery.
건전지.

battery.
전지.

notes : travels well for picnics in a wide-mouthed thermos jar.
서모실은 폭우나 누수로부터 지붕을 보호해 주며 숨쉬는 혁신적인 신소재로 습기와 곰팡이를 완전히 제거해 드립니다.

nano-tex now has contracts with eddie bauer , levi strauss , lands' end and others.
현재 나노텍스는 의류업체 에디 바우어 , 리바이 스트라우스 , 랜즈 엔드 등과 계약을 맺고 있다.

polymer.
고분자 화학.

polymer.
폴리머.

muscle.
근육.

muscle.
완력.

muscle.
단단한 근육.

muscles contract and relax during physical activity.
신체가 활발히 움직이는 동안에는 근육이 수축과 이완을 한다.

atrocity.
참극.

atrocity.
포악.

atrocity.
극악.

worst night : obama's general circumlocution - unimpressive and alienating.
오바마 최악의 밤 , 장황한 연설로 유권자들에게 느낌이 와 닿지도 않고 유권자들의 지지할 마음도 멀어지게 하다.

numerous processes are used in our assembly operation , including underwater welding.
우리의 조립 공정에는 수중 용접을 포함하여 수많은 공정들이 사용된다.

bali is in the spotlight as a honeymoon destination.
발리는 신혼여행지로 각광받고 있다.

aggressive growth funds are most suitable for investors willing to accept high risk for a high return.
공격적인 그로스 펀드는 고수익을 위해 큰 위험을 기꺼이 감수하는 투자가들에게 가장 적합하다.

2001.
미국에 대한 증오는 이제 잘 알려진 일이며 이는 2001년 9/11 테러사태 이후 미국의 새로운 일방적 대외정책로 인해 시작됐습니다.

moussaoui pled guilty to six terror conspiracy charges last year and is now sentenced to life imprisonment in the united states.
무사위는 테러와 관련한 6개 혐의를 받아 현재 종신형을 받고 수감중에 있습니다.

commit to the lord whatever you do , and your plans will succeed.
네가 하는 모든 일을 하나님께 맡겨라. 그러면 모든 계획이 성공할 것이다.

aid teams from china , malaysia and japan are also providing assistance.
중국과 말레이시아 , 일본의 구호팀들도 지원활동을 벌이고 있습니다.

japanese and u.s. officials have been competing for brazil to adopt their digital-television standards.
일본과 미국 정부관리들은 그동안 브라질의 디지털 텔레비젼의 표준 방식 채택을 놓고 경합을 벌여 왔습니다.

japanese foreign minister taro aso on tuesday said north korea had not shown any sign of separating the sanctions issue from the six-nation talks.
일본의 아소 타로 외무장관은 화요일 , 북한은 6자회담과 금융제재 조치를 별개의 사안으로 다루겠다는 조짐을 보이지 않았다고 말했습니다.

japanese foreign minister taro aso says he has been known for some time that north korea has been preparing for a possible missile launch.
아소외상은 북한의 미사일 시험발사가능성에 관해서는 이미 얼마전부터 알고 있었다고 말햇습니다.

japanese foreign ministry spokesman has indicated growing competition for influence with the 14 nations is causing some concern in tokyo.
일본 외무성의 대변인은 태평양권 국가들을 대상으로하는 경쟁확대에 일본이 우려하고 있음을 시사합니다.

japanese media say foreign minister taro aso and ambassador thomas schieffer described to the possible missile test as a " provocative action. ".
일본언론은 양국 관리들이 북한의 미사일 시험발사 가능성에 대해 도발적인 행위라고 표현했다고 보도했습니다.

russian.
러시아인.

russian.
러시아어.

russian.
러시아 어.

russian president vladimir putin said that he believes the iaea should deal with iran.
블라드미르 푸틴 러시아 대통령은 iaea가 이란 문제를 잘 해결할 것으로 믿는다고 전했습니다.

russian official has sought to downplay potential radiation danger from its nuclear submarine.
러시아 당국은 핵 잠수함에서 방출되는 위험을 축소하기 위해서 노력했다.

russian news media say a russian diplomat has died and four embassy workers abducted in the iraqi capital baghdad.
러시아 외교관 한명이 바그다드에서 살해되고 대사관 직원 4명이 납치됐다고 러시아 언론이 보도하고 있습니다.

leadership is not just orders , memos , and slogans.
지도력이란 단지 지시하고 , 메모하고 , 구호를 내거는 것이 아닙니다.

abuse.
구박.

abuse.
학대.

abuse.
조매.

acts of depravity under the guise of african traditions should not be allowed.
아프리카의 전통을 가장한 엽기적인 행위는 허용되어서는 안 된다.

illegally accessed personal information can be wrongfully used.
불법 유출된 개인 정보는 범죄에 악용될 수 있다.

shut.
닫다.

shut.
다물다.

openness of busan's being , on the streets.
부산 , being의 열림 , 가로에서.

board.
판.

board.
판자.

board.
판자를 대다[깔다].

currently , he is music director for the seoul philharmonic orchestra.
현재 , 그는 서울 필하모닉 오케스트라에서 음악 감독입니다.

currently , the world's smallest dog is a 15.2-cemtimeter chihuahua living in florida.
현재 , 세계에서 가장 작은 강아지는 플로리다에 살고 있는 15.2cm짜리 치와와이다.

currently , the giants slugger shares second place in the central league home run race with teammate michihiro ogasawa.
현재 자이언트의 강타자는 오가사와의 미치히로 팀원과 함께 센트럴 리그 홈런에서 같이 2위를 차지했다.

currently there is a space shuttle flight scheduled for march 2004.
현재 2004년 3월에 비행 일정이 잡힌 우주선이 있다.

currently we are working on several other projects , including regeneration of cardiac muscle , liver , pancreas , nerve , kidney , blood vessels , he said.
그는 자신의 팀은 심장근육과 간 , 췌장 , 신경 , 신장 , 혈관 등을 생성하는 몇몇 다른 작업을 진행하고 있다고 말합니다.

dropping.
적하.

dropping.
강하.

dropping.
고즈넉하게 고개를 숙이고 앉아 있다.

stick it together with the glue.
접착제로 붙여.

pat dry with a paper towel.
종이 수건으로 가볍게 두드려서 말려라.

pat skinner , who is 69 years old and lives in australia , had an operation at a hospital in sydney.
호주에 살고 있는 69세의 팻 스키너 씨는 시드니에 있는 병원에서 수술을 받았다.

bicycle in 1791 , a french man named comte mede de sivrac made an early version of the bicycle.
자전거 1791년 , 메드 드 시브락 백작이라는 프랑스인이 자전거의 초기 제품을 만들었습니다.

windmill.
풍차.

provides the ability to install windows on pxe remote boot-enabled client computers.
pxe 원격 부팅 가능한 클라이언트 컴퓨터에 windows를 설치하는 기능을 제공합니다.

provides security to remote procedure call (rpc) programs that use transports other than named pipes.
명명된 파이프가 아닌 전송을 사용하는 원격 프로시저 호출(rpc) 프로그램에게 보안을 제공합니다.

provides software volume and hardware volume management service.
소프트웨어 볼륨 및 하드웨어 볼륨 관리 서비스를 제공합니다.

riding a bike is easy , but riding no hands is not.
자전거 타는 것은 쉽지만 핸들을 잡지 않고 자전거를 타는 것은 그렇지 않다.

riding a bullish trend , stock prices have stayed at record highs for three weeks.
주가가 탄력을 받아 3주째 최고치를 경신했다.

riding on this worldwide tide , the industry of korea has made vast strides in the last decade.
이 세계적인 풍조를 타고 한국의 산업은 지난 10년간 큰 진보를 이룩했다.

riding breeches.
승마용 바지.

holmes replie watson , you idiot , somebody stole our tent !.
holmes가 대답했다. " watson , 이 바보야. 누군가가 우리 텐트를 훔쳐 갔다고 !".

eiffel tower was the world's tallest tower until the 319-meter chrysler building was built in new york in 1930.
에펠탑은 1930년 뉴욕에서 319m짜리 크라이슬러 빌딩이 완공되기 전까지는 세계에서 가장 높은 건축물이었습니다.

sacks are piled near the truck.
자루들이 트럭 근처에 쌓여 있다.

sacks of dirt have been piled atop one another.
흙이 담긴 자루들을 차곡차곡 쌓아 놨다.

dirt.
때.

dirt.
더러움.

dirt.
불결한 것.

putting the bookcase together should be a simple assembly job.
그 책장을 함께 끼우는 것은 간단한 조립 작업이 될 것이다.

dim.
어슴푸레하다.

dim.
희미하다.

dim.
침침하다.

finding a replacement for such and efficient assistant was difficult.
그렇게 유능한 조수를 대신할 만한 사람을 구하기가 어려웠다.

atony.
이완.

atony.
아토니.

atony.
위 아토니.

jewish shops were smashed up and pillaged.
유대인 가게들은 박살내어 지고 약탈 당했다.

pilgrimage.
순례.

pilgrimage.
인생은 뿌리 없는 평초.

pilgrimage.
성지순례.

earlier , many dili residents occupied the city's churches to pray for peace , as religious leaders called for unity.
종교적 지도자들이 통일을 촉구하고 있을 때 많은 딜리의 거주자들은 평화를 위해 기도하기 위해 교회를 차지하고 있습니다.

earlier saturday , israeli armys withdrew from parts of the northern gaza strip after other forces advanced to the suburbs of gaza city.
이스라엘군은 앞서 토요일 가자지구의 한 교외 지역에 진격한뒤 북부 가자지구의 일부 지역에서 철수했습니다.

earlier reports the death toll amounts to no more than 15.
앞서의 보도들은 사망자수가 15명 미만이라고 말했었습니다.

koreans will be able to visit the u.s. for up to three months without needing to obtain a tourist visa.
전자여권의 발행은 한국인들이 여행 비자를 얻을 필요 없이 3개월까지 미국을 방문할 수 있게 하는 미국 비자면제프로그램의 필수 조건이었 습니다.

koreans declared a boycott against products of japan.
한국인들은 일본 상품에 대하여 불매 동맹을 선언했다.

koreans hit the booze very much.'.
한국인들은 술을 많이 마신다.

crime rates in neighboring precincts are much lower.
이웃하는 관구의 범죄율이 훨씬 낮다.

spend your money wisely. or put your money to good use.
분한있게 돈을 써라.

tokyo says no new plans were discussed when senior diplomats from the two sides met in tokyo today.
일본 관리들은 두 나라 고위 외교관들이 오늘 도꾜에서 만났으나 아무런 새로운 안도 제시되지 못했다고 말했습니다.

otte also used sounds from the environment , repetitive texts , and atonal melodic patterns , arranged in barely overlapping layers that also echo across emptiness.
또한 오트는 무에서 울리는 가까스로 겹쳐진 층에 배열되어 환경 , 반복적인 텍스트 그리고 무조의 멜로디 패턴에서의 소리를 사용했습니다.

texts in foreign languages are far , far harder for singers to memorize than texts in their native languages.
외국어로 된 가사는 모국어로 된 가사보다 가수들이 암기하기가 훨씬 더 어렵다.

atomics.
원자학.

atomicmass.
원자 질량.

dust , animals , plants , bee stings or food are substances that may cause a person to have an allergic reaction.
먼지나 동물 , 식물 , 벌침 혹은 음식물 등이 사람에게 알레르기 반응을 일으키게 할 수 있는 물질들이다.

bomb.
폭탄.

bomb.
폭발물.

provide information to locate the new server.
새 서버를 찾기 위해 정보를 제공하십시오.

provide new item data support for all wild foods stores.
신규 상품의 데이터를 모든 와일드푸드 지정 점포들에게 제공한다.

tehran is now teeming with girls in gucci scarves and figure-hugging coats.
이제 테헤란은 구찌 스카프를 두르고 몸에 착 달라붙는 코트를 입은 아가씨들로 북적북적 합니다.

tehran insists its aims are peaceful.
테헤란은 그들의 목적은 평화적이라고 주장하고 있습니다.

denies.
베네수엘라와 콜롬비아는 좌편향적인 차베스 대통령이 콜롬비아 반군의 습격들을 지원한다는 주장에 대해 옥신각신했다. 차베스는 이를 부.

denies.
정하고 있다.

atmosphericpressure.
기압.

atmosphericpressure.
공기의 압력.

atmosphericpressure.
대기의 압력.

atmospheric clearness estimation of major cities in korea using decision support models.
의사결정지원 모형을 통한 우리나라 주요 도시의 대기청명도 평가.

atmospheric transmittance of solar radiation for seoul.
서울의 일사 대기투과율에 관한 연구.

no. the red one with black stripes.
아닙니다. 검은 줄무늬가 있는 빨간색요.

analyses of revitalization method for groundwork movement in the case of japan and england.
지방도시의 그라운드워크를 이용한 도시재생 방법 분석.

clearness.
명랑.

clearness.
극명.

clearness.
명확.

nasa called off the space shuttle's return to flight today until saturday at the earliest.
미항공우주국은 오늘(7/14) 예정이었던 우주왕복선의 발사를 최소한 토요일까지 연기했습니다.

nasa has decided to go ahead with discovery's mission in spite of objections by the space agency's chief safety officer and chief engineer.
나사는 나사의 안전 담당 책임자와 기술 책임자의 발사 반대에도 불구하고 디스커버리 호의 임무를 계속 추진하기로 결정했습니다.

nasa has unveiled its 104 billion-dollar plan , on monday , to return americans to the moon by 2018.
나사 측은 지난 월요일 미국인들을 2018년까지 다시 달에 보내는 1천 40억 달러짜리 계획을 발표했습니다.

nasa plans to use the newly arrived mars reconnaissance orbiter to snap photos of the global surveyor to see what's wrong with it.
nasa는 화성 전역 조사선에 무슨 문제가 있는지 보기 위해 새롭게 착륙한 화성 궤도위성을 이용해 이것의 사진을 찍을 계획이에요.

wake up , sleepyhead.
일어나 , 이 잠꾸러기야.

founded in 1927 , pan am began as a mail carrier serving the route between key west , florida and havana , cuba.
1927년에 설립된 팬암사는 플로리다주의 키 웨스트와 쿠바의 하바나간 항로를 운항하는 우편물 수송 항공사로 출발했습니다.

velocity field analysis around cooling tubes of ship's fan coil unit.
선박용 팬코일유니트 내부관군 주위의 속도장 해석.

boundary.
경계.

boundary.
분계선.

boundary.
국경.

boundary issues , left unresolved by the british , have caused two wars and continuing strife between india and pakistan.
영국이 해결하지 않은 국경문제로 인해 인도와 파키스탄간의 끊임없는 분쟁이 계속되어 왔다.

measuring bidirectional reflectance of finishing materials and developing a numerical model of brdfs.
건축 마감재의 이방성반사율 측정 및 반사분포함수 수치모델 개발.

concentration of dust mite allergen of bedclothing and indoor air in house.
일부 주택의 침구류 및 실내공기 중의 집먼지 진드기 알러젠 농도 측정.

empirical analysis of unbalanced population distribution of korea.
인구분포로 본 우리나라 국토불균형.

whenever i meet people from my hometown , i find myself speaking in dialect.
나는 고향 사람을 만나면 사투리가 저절로 나온다.

whenever he engages in sinful acts , he goes to a priest for confession.
죄가 되는 행동에 관여할 때마다 , 그는 고백을 위해 신부에게 간다.

solitary.
외롭다.

solitary.
고적하다.

atm technology helps real-time data like voice and video traverse a packet network.
atm 기술은 음성과 영상 같은 실시간 데이터가 패킷망을 통과할 수 있게 해준다.

sure. how do you want it ?.
네. 어떻게 드릴까요 ?.

sure. my dentist , doctor walsh. he's a great dentist. i have been going to him for twelve years now.
물론이죠. 내가 다니는 치과의 월쉬 선생님을 소개시켜줄게요. 아주 훌륭한 분이에요. 그 선생님 치과에 다닌 지 12년이나 됐어요.

stability analysis of rectangular plates with cutouts.
절결부를 갖는 직사각형 평판 안정해석.

explain the difference between a large scale map and a small scale map.
대축척지도와 소축적지도의 차이점을 설명해 보시오.

wireless equipment maker airnet posted an unexpectedly large first-quarter profit friday , citing increased demand for mobile phones.
무선 장비 생산업체인 에어네트사는 금요일 예상외로 많은 1/4분기 수익을 공표했는데 , 이는 이동 전화의 수요가 크게 늘어났기 때문이라고 밝혔다.

traverse.
가로지르다.

traverse.
횡단.

traverse.
답파.

b-isdn operation and maintenance principles and functions abstract.
b-isdn 운용보전의 원리와 기능 규격.

cell phones contain large amounts of polluting metals including lead solder used on the internal circuit boards , arsenic , and cadmium.
휴대폰에는 내부 회로판에 사용되는 땜납 , 비소 , 카드뮴을 비롯 , 막대한 양의 유독성 금속 물질이 들어 있다.

credit is the lifeline of business.
장사는 신용이 생명이다.

dollar.
달러.

scientific research station is beginning a four-month , $8 million expansion of its facilities , and will halt all serum production until the work is finished.
과학 연구소는 4개월에 걸쳐 8백만 달러를 들여 시설 확장을 할 예정이어서 공사가 끝날 때까지 해독제 생산을 전면 중단할 계획이다.

sank.
그는 가슴이 내려앉았다..

sank.
그는 가슴이 철렁 내려앉았다..

sank.
그는 바닥에 고꾸라졌다..

remain.
남다.

remain.
잔류.

remain.
머무르다.

boats had plenty of mackerel and a few skate.
고등어 튀김을 먹으면 언제나 넘어온다.

heavily subsidized prices for housing , bread , and meat.
복지 부문에서 보조금 지급 근로 프로그램을 실시하고 군사 부문에서 국제 경찰의 역할을 중지하면 우리는 아직도 상당히 많이 절감할 수 있 습니다.

voyage.
항해.

voyage.
항해를 마치다.

voyage.
항해 중이다.

responsible drinkers will get hammered , financially , and pay the state tariff.
책임감 있는 음주자들은 재정적으로 고주망태가 될 것이고 주의 관세를 지불할 것이다.

hurricane andrew , with winds at over 200mph , may have been one of the strongest hurricanes ever to hit the united states.
풍속 200마일이 넘는 허리케인 " 앤드류 " 는 여태까지 미국을 강타한 가장 강한 허리케인중 하나로 추정된다.

marshall.
마샬 군도.

hurricanes make millions of people homeless and kill many people every year.
허리케인은 매 해 수백만의 사람들에게 집을 잃게 만들고 , 많은 사람들의 목숨을 앗아간다.

hurricanes bring the destructive force of high winds.
허리케인은 파괴적인 위력의 강풍을 몰고 온다.

martin is a quiet , contemplative sort of chap.
나두 그래요. 핸드 로션을 아주 많이 발라야 해요 , 안 그러면 손이 트고 갈라져요.

martin luther king. jr. was born in atlanta on january 15 , 1929.
마틴 루터 킹 2세는 1929년 1월 15일 애틀랜타에서 태어났다.

martin luther king's life and writings the martin luther king jr.
평화상을 수상하게 된 바로 그 공적 때문에 수상자들은 여러 차례 치명적인 공격을 받기도 했는데 , 마틴 루터 킹 2세의 암살 사건이 바로 그 첫번째 경우였습니다.

dr. robinson , you have a call on line 3.
닥터 로빈슨 , 3번에 전화가 와 있습니다.

dr. edward stepanski , is a sleep specialist.
불면증 전문의 에드워드 스테판스키 박사는 이렇게 말합니다.

dr. valerie lorenz is the founder and director of the compulsive gambling center in baltimore , maryland.
발레리 로렌즈 박사는 메릴랜드주 볼티모어 소재 상습도박연구소의 창설자이며 소장직을 맡고 있습니다.

dr. majerus speculates in his book about men dreaming of coming upon an island of women who lost all their men to a plague.
마제러스 박사는 그의 저서에서 , 전염병으로 남자가 모두 죽고 여자들만 남은 섬을 발견하길 꿈꾸는 남자들에 대해 기술하고 있다.

pharmacist.
약사.

birth.
탄생.

birth.
출생.

birth.
태생.

jimmy sees no other option but to act rebellious and commit crimes.
jimmy는 반항적인 행동을 하거나 범죄를 저지르는 것 이외에 다른 선택의 여지가 없었다.

jimmy carter never got the prize.
그러나 지미 카터는 결국 평화상은 받지 못했습니다.

bass.
베이스 기타.

bass.
베이스.

bass.
저음부.

bass were plentiful on the river.
그 강에는 농어가 많이 있었다.

comparative research on calculation methods(point standpoint and area standpoint) of sunshine duration for building.
건물 일조시간 계산방법(점 , 면)에 관한 비교연구.

wheat.
밀.

wheat.
소맥.

wheat.
밀을 갈다.

fruits that depend on fruit bats for pollination include bananas , peaches , avocados and mangoes.
꽃가루 받이를 과일 박쥐에게 의존하는 과일은 바나나 , 복숭아 , 아보카도 그리고 망고가 있습니다.

long-term use of antibiotics in small doses may be useful to achieve this goal.
소량의 항생제를 장기 복용하는것은 이 목표를 달성하는데 도움이 될것이다.

ation.
고대 유대 민족은 신을 경배하기 위해 어린양을 제물로 바쳤다.

mystery.
신비.

mystery.
미스터리.

ben got the hump when he saw his reports were all over the floor.
벤은 그의 보고서가 바닥 여기저기에 널려져 있는 것을 보고는 기분이 언짢아졌다.

johnson tends to get defensive when he is looked down upon.
존슨은 멸시 당하면 방어적인 태도를 보이는 경향이 있다.

greg taylor's athleticism was a key factor in the buffaloes decisive win over the rams this weekend.
그레그 테일러의 철저한 운동정신이 이번 주말에 버펄로우 팀이 램스 팀을 이기는 데 결정적인 요인이 되었다.

greg hopper , the world famous jazz pianist and newcomer andrew williams , one night only -- at the blue note.
세계적으로 유명한 재즈 피아니스트 그렉 호퍼와 신입 멤버 앤드류 윌리엄스의 공연은 하룻밤 뿐입니다. 블루노트에서요.

greg hopper and friends perform tonight the blue note jazz club is proud to present greg hopper and friends.
오늘 밤 , 그렉 호퍼와 친구들 공연 블루노트 재즈 클럽이 그렉 호퍼와 친구들의 멋진 공연을 마련했습니다.

virile athleticism.
남성적인 운동 경기.

extreme sports are considered dangerous activities in which the participants experience the rush of adrenaline.
극한 스포츠는 참가자가 급격한 아드레날린 분출을 경험하는 위험한 활동으로 여겨지고 있다.

prehistoric man drew simplified representations called pictographs on cave walls to depict common articles and ideas.
원시인들은 흔한 물건들과 생각들을 나타내기 위해서 동굴의 벽에 그림 문자라고 불리는 간단한 그림을 그렸다.

highland games are festivalsstarted in scotland to celebrate scottish culture.
하이랜드 게임은 스코틀랜드의 문화를 알리기 위해 스코틀랜드에서 시작된 축제다.

shoes usually have a price tag on the bottom.
신발은 대개 바닥에 가격표가 있다.

shoes with a strap or lace over the instep are better than slip-ons.
발등에 줄로된 끈이나 신발끈이 있는 신발이 슬리퍼보다 낫다.

handsome joey leads out a very pretty woman.
잘 생긴 조이는 아주 예쁜 여인을 춤 상대로 한다.

atherosclerosis is a preventable and treatable condition.
죽상경화증은 예방가능하고 치료가능하다.

athens was host to the 28th international olympic games.
제28회 국제 올림픽 경기는 아테네에서 개최되었다.

socrates was the gadfly stinging the city of athens.
소크라테스는 아테네시를 신랄하게 비판하는 " 잔소리꾼 " 이었다.

stinging nettle , which has coarsely toothed , roughly triangular leaves , grows in moist meadows and along streams.
쐐기풀은 거친 이 , 대략 삼각형 모양인 잎을 가지고 있으며 습한 목초지나 개울을 따라 자라납니다.

stinging nettle and its milder cousin , wood nettle , use a different strategy of attack.
쐐기풀과 그의 누그러진 사촌인 나무 쐐기는 다른 공격 전략을 사용합니다.

timaeus was born in sicily but spent most of his life in athens.
티메이우스는 시칠리아에서 태어났지만 , 그의 삶의 대부분을 아테네에서 보냈다 ,.

torch.
횃불.

torch.
손전등.

torch.
랜턴.

series.
시리즈.

series.
시리즈물.

increasing the staff does not (necessarily) mean that the work will get done faster.
인력을 증원한다고 해서 일이 빨리 끝나는 것은 아니다.

subjective evaluation of floor impact noise isolation construction for floor , wall and ceiling.
바닥 , 벽 , 천장 차음시공에 따른 바닥충격음의 청감평가.

epicurus taught egoistic hedonism in that the only thing that is valuable is pleasure and all things are a mean to a pleasurable end.
에피쿠로스는 이기적 쾌락설을 가치있는 유일한 것은 쾌락이고 모든 것은 쾌락적 목적을 위한 수단이라는 식으로 가르쳤다.

classical music made the dogs contented and restful.
고전음악은 개들을 행복하고 편안하게 만들어 주었습니다.

zeus brought him to olympus too.
제우스는 그 또한 올림푸스로 데려갔다.

sprang.
스프링.

sprang.
용수철.

sprang.
옹달샘.

atheistic.
무신론의.

atheistic.
무종교의.

ties did not absolve libya of responsibility for past actions.
그러나 웰치 국무부 부장관은 양국간 외교관계 회복이 리비아의 과거행위에 책임을 사면하는 것은 아니라고 지적했습니다.

ties between athens and ankara have improved considerably since that crisis , but the two sides have not made advance in efforts to work out their territorial conflicts in the aegean sea.
그 사태 이후 양국의 관계는 상당히 진전됐습니다. 하지만 양측은 에게 해 영공 분쟁이나 분단된 사이프러스 섬에 관한 분쟁 해결 노력에는 진전을 이루지.

lewis stayed on to continue their hedonistic lifestyle.
lewis는 그들의 쾌락주의적인 생활 방식을 계속했다.

lots of fashion models are large of limb.
많은 패션모델들은 팔다리가 크다.

lots of korean men knock alcohol back as if it were water.
많은 한국 남성들은 술을 물처럼 꿀꺽 마신다.

heritage university is known internationally for its strong business administration program.
헤리티지대학은 경영학 프로그램이 우수한 것으로 전세계에 알려져 있다.

billy is strong for his age.
billy는 나이에 비해 힘이 센 편이에요.

tick.
똑딱거리다.

shark.
상어.

shark.
고리대금업자.

shark.
닻채.

shark teeth grow for the duration of the animal's life.
상어의 이빨은 살아 있는 동안 계속 성장한다.

orange smoke issues from an onboard fire billowed from a large vessel with the words " training craft " painted on the side.
한쪽에 훈련용이라고 글이 적혀 있는 대형 선박에서 화재가 발생했음을 알리는 오렌지색 연기가 뿜어져 나옵니다.

ants and spiders crawl along the ground.
개미와 거미가 땅 위로 기어다닌다.

neither action nor inaction was the key to salvation.
실행하는 것도 실행하지 않는 것도 구제책이 되지 못했다.

breakfast is served by lamplight on the farmhouse veranda.
예스러운 가로등 불빛과 물결무늬 형태의 돌로 뒤덮인 도로를 보십시오. 이들은 유럽의 영향을 받은 이 곳 건축의 특징입니다.

slip behavior of high-tension bolted joints subjected to compression force.
압축력을 받는 고장력 볼트 이음부의 미끄러짐 거동.

atc-55 based friction damper design procedure for controlling inelastic seismic responses.
비탄성 지진응답 제어를 위한 atc-55에 기반한 마찰감쇠기 설계절차.

taps.
징.

taps.
취침나팔.

taps.
소등 나팔.

ataraxia.
무감동.

appetite.
구미.

appetite.
입맛.

appetite.
식욕.

abrupt shifts into a new century.
새로운 세계를 향한 비약적인 변화(영문).

wrap the crusted fish tightly in a cloth napkin.
천으로 된 냅킨에 딱딱한 껍질이 있는 생선을 단단히 싸세요.

wrap it up carefully to protect against breakage.
그것이 파손되지 않도록 잘 포장해라.

flexural capacity of the profiled steel composite beams with truss deck plate.
트러스 데크를 사용한 강판성형 합성보의 휨성능 평가.

flexural rigidity reduction of multi - delaminated composite beams.
다층 층간분리된 복합적층보의 휨강성 감소.

flexural strengthening effect of rc beams strengthened by carbon fiber sheets under end restraint conditions.
단부구속조건에 따른 탄소섬유시트로 보강된 rc보의 휨보강 효과.

approximate analysis of rigid frames under vertical and lateral loads.
강접골조의 수직 및 수평하중에 대한 근사해석.

approximate solution on the absorption process of aqueous libr falling film : effects of vapor flow.
리튬브로마이드 수용액 유하액막의 흡수과정에 대한 근사해법.

creole cookery.
크리올식 요리.

immigration can be a blessing in disguise for the economy of the united states.
인구 유입이 미국 경제에 전화위복이 될 수 있습니다.

justice simpson said his adolescence had been all but destroyed.
판사 심슨은 그의 청소년기는 거의 파괴되었었다고 말했다.

justice sandra day o'connor announced today that she's retiring from the united states supreme court.
샌드라 데이 오코너 대법관이 연방대법관직에서 물러나겠다고 오늘(7월 1일) 발표했습니다.

maria saw a son of god last night.
마리아는 지난 밤 천사를 봤다.

shares in online retailer amazon.com soared nearly 35% on monday , amid signs that its holiday sales will be better than expected.
크리스마스 휴가철 매출이 예상을 웃돌 거라는 조짐이 나타나고 있는 가운데 온라인 소매업체인 아마존 닷컴의 주식이 월요일 35% 가까이 올랐습니다.

distinction.
구별.

distinction.
차이.

distinction.
판별.

curator could indulge your passion for sanskrit literature and the like and get paid for it !.
큐레이터들은 인도 산스크리트 문학작품들에 열정을 쏟아 부을 수도 있고 , 값을 주고 그것을 얻을 수도 있습니다.

michael took a whiff or two.
그는 담배를 피웠다.

michael did all right by sally when he bought her red roses.
마이클은 샐리에게 빨간 장미를 안겨주어 잘 해 주었다.

michael jackson is the king of pop (ahem).
마이클잭슨은 팝의 황제다. 으흠.

michael carrick , paul scholes , ryan giggs and park ji sung will play their part.
마이클 캐릭 , 폴 스콜스 , 라이언 긱스 그리고 박지성은 그들의 역할을 수행할 것이다.

astronomers already know that planets can form from such disks.
천문학자들은 이미 행성들이 이런 원반들로 만들어질 수 있다는 사실을 알고 있습니다.

planet.
행성.

astrophotograph.
천체 사진.

contextualizing astronomy is missing right now.
바로 지금 천문학 맥락과의 관련이 빠졌다.

positively.
단연.

positively.
단연(코).

positively.
잘라 말하다.

sluggish investments will lead to a vicious circle of economic slowdown.
낮은 투자는 경기침체의 악순환으로 이르게 할 것이다.

lonely.
외롭다.

galaxies tend to clump together in clusters.
은하계의 별들은 성단을 이루어 모이는 경향이 있다.

jim is despondent at the passing of his dream woman.
짐은 그의 이상형이 죽었기 때문에 실의에 빠졌다.

inside the room , there was the unmistakable odor of sweaty feet.
그 방에서는 의심의 여지없이 땀 흘린 발냄새가 났다.

inside this enormous church , there are 45 altars , and also the very famous pieta sculpture created by michelangelo.
이 어마어마한 교회내부에는 45개의 제단과 미켈란젤로가 만든 무척이나 유명한 피에타 조각상도 있어요.

centuries later , in 586 bc , canaan was seized by the babylonians.
수 세기 후 , 기원전 586년 , 가나안은 바빌로니아 인들에게 점령당했다.

apollo guide top criticfull review | comment the film a raw , sometimes discomfiting immediacy.
그는 거의 인터뷰에 응하지 않는데 , 분명히 인터뷰를 당황스러운 경험으로 여기고 있다.

jeffrey lewis did everything he could to see that his accounts were growing.
제프리 루이스는 그의 예금 구좌가 불어나는 것을 보기 위해서는 할 수 있는 모든 일을 하였다.

fellow judges include trainer sean lee , former miss korea and diet war season 1 contestant won hae-jeong , and obesity expert professor yoo tae -woo.
동료 심사원에는 트레이너 션리 , 전직 미스 코리아이자 다이어트 전쟁 시즌 1의 후보였던 원해정 , 그리고 비만 전문 교수 유태우가 포합됩니다.

natalie has an astrological chart in front of her.
nateile은 운세표를 그녀의 앞에 두고 있었다.

horoscope.
십이궁도.

horoscope.
천궁도.

horoscope.
무슨 별자리예요 ?.

cellulose is crucial for manufacturing paper and explosives.
셀룰로오스(섬유소)는 종이와 폭약 만드는데 중요하다.

cruel.
잔인하다.

cruel.
잔혹하다.

biologists fear that up to one third of the estimated 11 to 13 million monarch butterflies may already be dead.
생물학자들은 이 지역에 서식하는 1100-1300만 마리의 나비 중 최고 1/3 가량이 이미 죽었을 것으로 우려하고 있다.

here's the synopsis for the flick , taken from the imagi website : astro boy tells the story of a powerful robot boy created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he has lost.
여기 이매이지 웹사이트에서 가져온 영화에 대한 줄거리가 있습니다 : " 아톰은 잃어버린 아들의 이미지로 훌륭한 과학자에 의해 탄생한 강력한 로봇 소년의 이야기를 들려줍니다. ".

here's the warranty and here's my name card with my phone number.
여기 품질 보증서와 제 번호가 있는 명함입니다.

here's an update on creating and using a resume for the information age.
정보화 시대에 걸맞는 이력서 작성과 이용 방법에 관한 최신 정보를 알려드리겠습니다.

here's ten dollars for the big dance.
댄스파티에 필요한 10달러 여기 있다.

synopsis : a crazed killer is on the loose , and cheerleaders are his target.
시놉시스 : 한 미치광이 살인자는 도주중이고 , 치어리더들이 그의 표적이다.

synopsis : a deranged doctor tries to revive his long-dead first wife.
시놉시스 : 한 실성한 의사가 오래전에 죽은 그의 첫 번째 부인을 부활시키려 합니다.

flick of an eye , dropped her top. then , right on the beach , she swanned around in nothing but lacy black tights.
소동을 일으키는 데는 역시 해변이 제격인 모양이다. 지난 달 마이애미 비치를 방문한 마돈나는 포르노 영화에서처럼 윗도리를 벗어 던지고.

flick of an eye , dropped her top. then , right on the beach , she swanned around in nothing but lacy black tights.
검은 레이스 타이츠만 입은 채 해변을 누볐다.

brilliant.
찬란하다.

brilliant.
혁혁하다.

brilliant.
오색찬란하다.

replaced its weather computer and installed new barometers.
일기예보 컴퓨터를 교체하고 새로운 기압계를 설치하세요.

kramer did not release any information about how many shares it plans to sell.
kramer 사는 지분을 얼마나 매각할 것인지에 대해서는 아무런 공표도 하지 않고 있다.

astringent.
쌉쌀하다.

astringent.
떫다.

astringent.
떨떠름하다.

soft drinks , food and souvenirs will be available.
음료와 음식 그리고 기념품은 가능할거야.

astrictive.
수렴제.

somewhat.
-스름하다.

somewhat.
다소.

somewhat.
약간.

addicted gamblers are more likely to have serious marital problems.
도박 중독자들은 결혼 생활에 심각한 문제를 야기할 가능성이 큽니다.

addicted blackberry users earn the nickname crackberry.
블랙베리에 중독된 사람들은 크랙베리라는 별명을 얻었습니다.

divorce.
이혼.

divorce.
파경.

fortunately , the running water masked the sound of my whimpering.
다행히도 흐르는 물이 나의 흐느끼는 소리를 덮었다.

fortunately , the crash was not fatal , but ten people were taken to riverside hospital and treated for minor injuries.
다행히 충돌이 사망 사고는 아니었으나 , 10명이 리버사이드 병원으로 후송되어 가벼운 부상 치료를 받았습니다.

fortunately , militarism failed to take root in europe as a whole.
다행히 , 군국주의가 유럽 전체에 뿌리 내리지는 못했다.

fortunately they found it quite amusing.
다행히도 그들은 그것을 상당히 즐거워했다.

mental exercises for your brain have been shown to generate neuron growth.
당신의 두뇌를 위한 정신적 운동은 신경단위의 성장을 일으키는 것으로 나타났다.

astrakhan.
아스트라한.

swamp.
늪.

swamp.
소택지[황무지]를 개발하다.

andrew and freya have spent 2004 trekking through south america and sailing in asia.
앤드류와 프레야는 남아메리카 대륙을 도보 여행하고 아시아 바다를 항해하면서 2004년을 보냈습니다.

despair.
절망.

despair.
자포자기.

remark.
논평.

remark.
발언.

remark.
코멘트.

competition between the established vendors and late starters are heightening.
선발 업체와 후발 업체 사이의 경쟁이 점점 치열해지고 있다.

quantum.
양자 화학.

quantum.
에너지 양자.

ban.
금지.

ban.
금하다.

ban.
금제.

1/2 teaspoon mixed nutmeg and cinnamon.
육두구와 계피 혼합물 2분의 1테이블스푼.

ellen' s familiarity with pop music is astonishing.
엘렌이 대중 음악에 얼마나 정통한지 매우 놀라울 따름이다.

astir.
약동.

campers are camping in the forest.
야영객들이 숲 속에서 야영을 하고 있다.

surgery to remove your lymph nodes increases your risk of arm swelling (lymphedema).
림프절을 제거하는 수술은 팔이 부풀어오르는 림프부종의 발병률을 증가시킨다.

lens.
렌즈.

lens.
안경의 알.

jake is disinclined to give a presentation in front of people.
jake는 사람들 앞에서 발표하는 것을 꺼린다.

jake wants to be a spaceman on a lunar landing ship.
jake는 달착륙선의 우주비행사가 되고 싶어한다.

jake was easily fallen by his blandishment.
jake는 그의 감언에 쉽게 넘어갔다.

vision.
비전.

nearsightedness results when the eye grows longer , instead of rounder.
근시는 안구가 둥글게 커지지 않고 길게 늘어나기 때문에 생기는데요.

untreated , it can lead to cirrhosis.
치료를 받지 않으면 간경변을 초래할 수 있습니다.

respiratory.
호흡기.

respiratory.
호흡기관.

respiratory.
호흡기 질환.

chronic diarrhea is the most common sign.
만성 설사가 가장 일반적인 신호이다.

whose risk , whose benefit ? the main issue in living organ donation is donor safety.
누구의 위험이며 , 누구의 이익입니까 ? 신체장기의 기증에 있어 가장 큰 문제는 기증자의 안전입니다.

breathing.
숨결.

breathing.
호흡.

breathing.
숨.

includes support for throttling and restarting data transfers , and a bits management console extension.
대역폭 조절 및 데이터 전송 재시작 지원과 bits 관리 콘솔 확장을 포함합니다.

constant criticism is enough to demoralize anybody.
지속적인 비판은 그 누구든 충분히 의기소침하게 만들 수 있다.

fragments of the couch were swept off the porch.
소파에서 떨어져 나간 조각들이 현관에서 날아갔다.

asteroids striking the ocean created monstrous tidal waves , which crumbled land into the sea.
바다 위로 떨어진 소행성들이 거대한 파도를 만들어 육지를 깎아내렸습니다.

neptune also has the highest recorded wind in the whole solar system.
해왕성은 또한 태양계에서 가장 빠른 바람의 기록을 소유하고 있다.

neptune has a very frigid climate.
넵튠은 기후가 몹시 춥다.

tidal.
조력.

tidal.
조력발전소.

tidal waves occurred in the region.
그 지역에 해일이 발생했다.

boat.
배.

boat.
보트.

boat.
나룻배.

drop me at the next stop , please.
다음 정거장에서 내려주세요.

drop by at your convenience. i will be in all day.
편리한 시간에 들르세요. 전 종일 있을 거예요.

crews had to carry lee helm.
선원들은 역풍을 거슬러 돌릴 수 있는 극한 침로를 취해야만 했다.

privacy.
사생활.

privacy.
프라이버시.

privacy.
내밀.

erosion and deposition are balanced as the river meanders across , or gently curves back and forth.
강이 굽이쳐 흐르면서 , 즉 양쪽으로 부드럽게 구부러지면서 침식현상과 퇴적현상이 균형을 맞추게 된다.

assyria.
아시리아.

vultures have a disquieting ability to find a corpse very quickly , and to gather in numbers that seem larger than the known local population - this has given rise to the belief that they have an extraordinary sense of smell and a prescience of death.
콘도르는 시체를 매우 빠르게 찾는 불안하게 하는 능력과 알려진 지역 개체 수 보다 더 크게 보이게 하는 숫자로 모이는 능력을 가지고 있습니다. - 이것은.

vultures have a disquieting ability to find a corpse very quickly , and to gather in numbers that seem larger than the known local population - this has given rise to the belief that they have an extraordinary sense of smell and a prescience of death.
그들이 뛰어난 후각과 죽음의 예지를 가졌다는 믿음을 더 크게 만들었습니다.

serve in shallow bowls , garnished with the chanterelle slices.
메뉴에 나와 있는 살구버섯과 렌즈콩과 함께 살짝 튀긴 철갑상어는 맛이 독특해서 적극 권해 드립니다.

serve on crackers or thin slices of bread.
크래커나 얇게 썬 빵을 차리세요.

serve with pieces of nan bread.
난(인도의 빵) 몇 조각을 제공하다.

serve with pickled chiles , omelette , and prawn crackers.
절인 고추 , 오믈렛과 함께 복무 , 그리고 새우 크래커.

serve him with the same sauce.
그에게 대갚음해라.

you'd better give her a sedative.
그녀에게 진정제를 주는 게 좋겠습니다.

you'd better ask a little more leeway for the payment.
조금 더 지불유예 기간을 달라고 하세요.

you'd better put in some overtime.
시간 외 근무를 하는 게 좋겠다.

you'd better hurry up before they smell a rat.
그들이 눈치채기 전에 서두르세요.

magical.
신비.

magical.
그 효과는 신기했어요..

mrs. livingsting is on the phone at the moment.
리빙스팅 부인은 지금 전화를 받고 있다.

mrs. varulo was so impressed with my vocabulary that she commented.
mr. varulo는 내 어휘에 매우 감명을 받았다.

supplier.
공급자.

supplier.
납품업자.

supplier.
기계 공구점.

republican congressman porter goss of florida addressed the issue at his senate confirmation hearing.
플로리다 주 공화당 하원의원 포터 고스는 상원 인준 청문회에서 이 문제에 대해 언급했습니다.

whichever.
어느 것이나.

whichever.
무엇이고.

whichever.
어느쪽.

whichever you choose , it does not have to cost the earth.
당신이 어떤것을 선택하든 , 많은 비용이 들지 않는다.

whichever way you (may) take , you will get to the station.
어느 길로 가든 역에 도착할 것이다.

shake fresh fiddleheads in a paper bag until brown skins come off ; discard skins.
종이가방안에 있는 신선한 어린 잎들을 노란 껍질이 벗겨질 때까지 흔들어라 , 껍질은 버려라.

doubly.
이중으로.

doubly.
만전을 기하다.

doubly.
겹사돈.

assumptive.
참망하다.

assumptive.
참망.

examination of air clearness in sickroom by difference of exhaust opening position.
배기구 위치의 차이에 의한 병실 공기 청정도 검토.

unfortunately , the technology boon has its pitfalls as well.
불행하게도 , 과학기술 혜택은 잠재적인 위험 또한 내포하고 있다.

unfortunately , going hand in hand with steroid use is the obsession to count calories and focus on appearance and dieting , things that were formerly associated with women.
불행히도 , 스테로이드 사용과 동반해서 (남자들은) 칼로리를 따져보고 외모와 다이어트 등 공식적으로 전에는 여자들과 관련이 있는 것들에 대해서 집착하기 시작했어요.

unfortunately , one product that did not meet sales expectations was the envirocouch , a product made entirely of recyclable products.
안타깝게도 예상 매출액을 충족시키지 못한 한 제품은 전부 재활용 제품들로 만들어진 인바이로카우치였습니다.

unfortunately , his partners were crooks and absconded with the funds.
그 도둑은 보석을 가지고 종적을 감추었다.

unfortunately , dr.hwang resigns from the stem cell bank for his unethical conduct of using two of his junior researchers' ova in the cloning process.
그러나 불행히도 황박사는 복제 과정에서 자신의 연구팀의 2명의 여성연구원의 난자를 사용하는 비윤리적 행위를 범함에 따라 연구원 직을 사임하게 된다.

underlying sales would be up about 50 percent to $6.8 million.
기본 판매는 50%정도 상승한 6800만 달러에 이를 것이다.

assuming everything goes smoothly from here on out , i should be there between 12 : 00 and 12 : 30.
여기 일들이 모두 순조롭게 진행되면 , 12시에서12시반 사이에 그곳에 도착할 겁니다.

gentleman is a lawyer and i am not ; therefore , i shall be diffident.
그 신사분은 변호사인데 저는 아니죠. 그래서인지 , 저는 조심스럽네요.

gentleman is very assiduous at question time.
의원은 매우 성실히 질의 시간에 응하였다.

lorry drivers look at us oddly.
트럭 운전사들이 우리를 이상하게 쳐다보았다.

stowaways are typically sent back to their port of origin , mann said.
밀항자들은 대체로 그들이 출항했던 항구로 되돌려보내진다고 , mann씨는 말했다.

cello.
첼로.

cello.
첼로를 연주하다.

cello.
첼로 독주자.

ninver is not liable for any expenses employees may incur from assuming that time off will be granted.
닌버 사에서는 휴가를 받을 수 있을 것으로 간주하고 잡은 여행에 대한 손실에 대해서는 책임을 지지 않습니다.

command line parameters include : /answer /adv/answer is used to supply an unattended install script file./adv enables advanced user options.
명령줄 매개 변수는 다음을 포함합니다. /answer /adv/answer는 무인 설치 스크립트 파일을 제공하는데 사용됩니다./adv는 고급 사용자 옵션을 사용하.

command line parameters include : /answer /adv/answer is used to supply an unattended install script file./adv enables advanced user options.
게 합니다.

lee is said to have shifted sensitive nuclear " legacy codes " from secured government computers onto the lab's unsecured computer system.
이씨는 민감한 미국의 핵무기 발사 순서를 정한 암호체계를 안전한 정부 컴퓨터에서 실험실의 보호되지 않은 컴퓨터 시스템으로 옮겼다고 한다.

lee was promoted to first lieutenant in 1836 then captain in 1838.
lee는 1836년에 중위로 , 1838년에는 대위로 승진했다.

lee types out an instant message and sends it.
리 씨가 인스턴트 메시지를 타이핑해서 보낸다.

assume.
떠맡다.

assume.
떠안다.

assume.
지레짐작.

guys are suckers for pretty young women.
남자들은 예쁜 영계라면 사족을 못 쓴다.

guys only act that way when there's no potential for hooking up.
남자들은 연결될 가능성이 없을 때만 그런 식으로 행동하거든요.

gary was a huge hulk of a man.
게리는 거대한 사람이었다.

senator.
상원 의원.

senator.
원로원 의원.

today's technology makes telephone wiring a simple do-it-yourself project.
현대 기술은 전화 배선작업을 혼자서도 간단히 할 수 있도록 해줍니다.

today's award winners are intelligent and sophisticate.
오늘의 수상자는 지적이며 또한 세련된 분이다.

today's service agreements are distinguished by clear , simple language and a tight focus on the the advantages to business.
오늘날의 서비스 약관들은 명확하고 간결한 언어와 기업에 절대 유리한 내용으로 짜여져 있는 것이 특징이다.

today's assault is the first time palestinian militants have tunneled into israel itself since israeli troops withdrew from the gaza strip last year.
오늘의 공격은 이스라엘 군인들이 지난해 가자지구에서 철수한 이래 , 팔레스타인 과격 분자들이 이스라엘로 들어와 한 첫번째 공격입니다.

today's announcements came half a world away in singapore.
오늘 발표는 지구 반대편 싱가포르에서 이루어졌습니다.

today's (sunday's) meeting comes less than four weeks after iraqi authorities unveiled a new government.
오늘 (일요일)에 열린 이 회담은 이라크 당국자들이 새 정부 명단을 공개한지 4주도 채 안돼 아루어졌습니다.

telephones and food service are available in the rear car.
뒤 쪽 객차로 가시면 공중전화와 식당을 이용하실 수 있습니다.

entertainment schedule call venue for details the downtown blues club (tel. 567-4532).
공연 일정표 자세한 내용은 공연장에 문의 요망 다운타운블루스클럽 (전화 번호 : 567-4532) 목 ..

serene.
담담하다.

serene.
평온.

present at the ceremony were matt , luciana and luciana's 7-year-old daughter , alexia.
식에 참여한 사람은 맷 , 루치아나 , 그리고 7살 난 루치아나의 딸 알렉시아였다.

trading in shanghai began today with the yuan at its highest level since it was revaluated last year.
상하이 외환 시장에서는 위안화가 지난 해의 평가 절상이래 최고 가치로 거래되기 시작했습니다.

trading standards and the office of fair trading take enforcement action against bogus billing (in conjunction with their counterparts overseas , where necessary).
거래기준과 공정거래소는 허위 청구서에 대항하는 조치를 시행한다(필요한 지역의 국외거래자들와 함께).

associationism.
연상 심리학.

offenders are liable to fines of up to $500.
위반자들은 500달러까지의 벌금형을 받을 수 있다.

linda thinks the sun shines out of tom cruse's bum.
그녀는 탐 쿠르즈에게 홀딱 반해있다.

linda borrows my dress with no holds barred.
린다는 마음대로 내 옷을 빌린다.

advancement.
선진.

advancement.
향상.

advancement.
승진.

randy newman composed the score ; james taylor sings one of the songs.
랜디 뉴먼이 곡을 작곡했다 ; 제임스 테일러가 그 노래중 하나를 불렀다.

dishonest.
부정.

dishonest.
부정직하다.

l.
엘.

l.
엘사이즈.

demonstration study of solar-assisted absorption cooling system.
태양열 구동 흡수식 냉방 시스템 실증연구.

demonstration configuration and application for on-line fault detection and diagnosis of air handling unit.
공조설비의 실시간 고장검출 및 진단을 위한 시스템의 실험적 구성 및 적용.

archive.
보관소.

dean bell puts forth his material with utter objectivity.
벨 총장은 완전한 객관성을 가지고 그의 자료를 제시한다.

coach.
코치.

coach.
마차.

coach.
사령탑.

coach let's go boys , hustle up in here.
코치 : 어서와 얘들아 여기 빨리 모여라.

meter.
미터.

meter.
계량기.

untrue.
불연하다.

untrue.
무실.

union workers at the carmaker have been on strike for several hours a day since june 26th pressing their demands for a nine-percent pay raise and better working conditions.
노조는 9% 임금 인상과 근로조건 개선 요구조건을 관철시키기 위해 지난 6월 26일부터 하루에 몇 시간씩 부분파업을 계속해 오고 있습니다.

union workers are demanding higher wages and better working conditions.
노조원들은 임금 인상과 근로 조건 개선 등을 요구하고 있습니다.

union leaders called a strike in protest over low pay.
노조 지도자들은 저임금에 대항해서 스트라이크할 것을 요청했다.

union leaders reached an agreement with company officials and avoided a walkout.
노조 지도자들은 회사 간부들과 합의에 도달하여 파업을 면했다.

ms. woods says candidates already in office have the advantage of being re-elected.
우즈 씨는 현직 공직자가 후보로 나올 경우 재선될 확률이 높다고 말합니다.

ms. merkel arrived in china on sunday with a delegation of about 40 business leaders and ministers who are hoping to secure trade treatys.
메르켈 총리는 독일과 중국간 무역 협정을 보장하기 원하고 있는 독일의 업계 지도자들과 각료 등 약 40명을 대동하고 지난 일요일 중국 수도 베이징에 도 착했습니다.

ms. sierra will take care of the transport arrangements for your return to the airport on friday the third.
3일 금요일에 공항으로 돌아갈 교통편은 시에라가 준비할 것입니다.

ms. vega will visit the corporate offices in madrid for a meeting with the sponsors.
베가 양은 스폰서와 미팅을 갖기 위해 마드리드에 있는 회사 사무실을 방문할 예정이다.

liver fluke is a typical parasitic disease.
간 디스토마는 대표적인 기생충에 의한 질병이다.

optimal design of a heat sink using the sequential approximate optimization algorithm.
순차적 근사최적화 기법을 이용한 방열판 최적설계.

optimal design of a 3 watt gm-jt refrigerator at 4 k.
4 k , 3 watt 급 gm-jt 냉동기의 최적설계.

optimal design of tall tubular buldings based on the minimization of shear lag.
튜브 시스템의 전단지연현상 제어를 통한 초고층 건물의 최적설계.

optimal windows transmittance by energy performance analysis and subjective evaluation in office building.
에너지성능분석 및 감성평가에 의한 오피스 창호의 적정 투과율 선정.

ray is also a male chauvinist.
레이 또한 남성 우월주의자이다.

cia is working to destabilize his government.
cia는 그의 정부를 불안정시킬 공작을 펼치고 있다.

dubai is building the first manmade island in uae , palm island.
두바이는 uae에 최초의 인공섬인 팜 아일랜드를 조성하고 있습니다.

assign a name to each destination computer.
대상 컴퓨터마다 이름을 할당하십시오.

they'd better do something before someone files a complaint with the police.
누군가 경찰에 불만사항을 접수하기 전에 무슨 조치를 취하는게 좋을 거에요.

biased.
편성의.

biased.
편향된.

biased.
편파적.

typhoid , and dying of hunger and from the cold.
한왕조(기원후 25~220년) 때 장종킹이라는 의원이 난양 사람들이 장티푸스에 걸려 고생하고 , 배고픔과 감기로 목숨을 잃고 있다는 소식을 접하게 됐다.

somebody put a bee in my bonnet that we should go to a movie.
누군가가 우리들에게 영화보러 가야 한다는 생각을 심어준 거야.

deadline.
마감.

deadline.
데드라인.

deadline.
마감 시간.

asshole.
어리석군요..

asseverate.
단언.

owners of purebreds can easily get a genetically similar pet , but mutt owners do not have that option.
순종을 갖고 있는 사람들은 유전적으로 비슷한 동물을 쉽게 얻을 수 있지만 잡종을 갖고 있는 사람들은 그러한 선택권이 없다.

talented.
재능이 있는.

talented.
재주 있는.

talented.
천재적.

britain's jails are claimed to be worse than in victorian times that inmates have to bear unimaginable squalor.
영국의 감옥은 빅토리아 시대보다 더 나쁜 상태라서 죄수들은 생각할 수 없는 불결함을 참아내야 하는 실정이라고 알려져 있다.

britain's prince charles announced today he will marry long-time companion camilla parker bowles.
영국의 찰스 왕세자는 오늘 오랜 연인 카밀라 파커 볼스와의 결혼을 발표했습니다.

britain's coal reserves are a rich national asset.
브리티언(영국인)의 석탄 매장량들은 한 부유한 국제적 자산이다.

coal.
석탄.

coal.
석탄을 싣다.

markets in singapore slipped 0.75% , while taiwan's taiex lost 0.25%.
싱가포르 시장은 0.75% 떨어졌으며 , 대만의taiex 지수는 0.25% 하락했습니다.

bond strength of epoxy adhesive to concrete.
에폭시로 보강된 콘크리트 접합계면의 접착성능.

mineral admixture factors affecting rheological properties of cement paste.
시멘트 페이스트의 레올로지 특성에 미치는 혼화재 변수의 영향.

valuation.
감정.

assessor.
사정자.

effectiveness of air leakage of the windows on building heating loads.
창의 형태별 틈새 풍량이 건물의 난방부하에 미치는 영향에 관한 연구.

relief.
안도.

relief.
구호품.

interview of honorary president , shin hyun-shik.
신현식 명예회장과의 인터뷰.

jupiter went where he pleased , ransacking wastebaskets , clotheslines , garbage pails , and shoe bags.
쓰레기통마다 쓰레기가 다 넘쳐나고 있어.

tim is one of the boys in the class.
학급에서 팀은 인기가 좋다.

tim said to marco , it's funny , it looks like a turtle.
tim이 marco'에게 , " 재미있네 , 거북을 닮았어.

tim made a stab at the game.
팀은 게임을 한번 해봤다.

school's been canceled , because it is so snowy !.
눈이 너무 많이 와서 등교가 취소됐어 !.

promotion will be made on the basis of demonstrated abilities regardless of seniority.
진급은 연장 여부에 구애됨이 없이 능력에 따라 실시할 것임.

you' re so apathetic about everything.
당신은 모든 일에 대해 너무 냉담하군요.

you' re looking very nautical in your navy blue sweater.
짙은 감색 스웨터를 입으니 아주 선원처럼 보이는군요.

ll.
엘엘.

ll.
내 손에 장을 지져라.

ll.
간이라도 빼어 먹이겠다.

conservative members have tabled spurious amendments and mounted spurious campaigns.
보수당 의원들은 겉으로만 그럴싸한 수정안을 안건으로 상정했고 , 겉모습만 그럴듯한 운동을 추진했다.

assertion is a derivative of assert.
" assertion " 은 " assert " 의 파생어다.

derivative.
파생상품.

derivative.
파생어.

derivative.
파생적.

fulfill your duties before you assert your rights.
권리를 주장하기 전에 의무를 다해라.

despite a face puffy with bruises and special bra she wore to support her breasts , ryan took post-surgery trips , including a oneday safari in the african bush.
수술 후 여기저기 멍들고 부운 얼굴에 가슴을 받쳐주는 특수 브라를 착용하고도 라이언 씨는 여행을 떠났는데 , 여행일정에는 아프리카 오지를 탐험하는 사 파리 하루 코스도 포함되어 있었다.

despite a face puffy with bruises and special bra she wore to support her breasts , ryan took post-surgery trips , including a oneday safari in the african bush.
수술 후 여기저기 멍들고 부운 얼굴에 가슴을 받쳐주는 특수 브라를 착용하고도 라이언 씨는 여행을 떠났는데 , 여행일정에는 아프리카 오지 를 탐험하는 사파리 하루 코스도 포함되어 있었다.

despite the job losses over the past 10 years , leicester remains one of the principal seats of the industry.
지난 10여년간의 일자리감소 추세에도 불구하고 , 레스터시는 여전히 산업의 중요지점으로 남아있다.

despite the online shopping uptick , concerns over the slowing economy means consumers will not spend as much , and it's worth remembering that most online retailers are still struggling to make ends meet.
온라인 쇼핑의 상승세에도 불구하고 경기 하강에 대한 우려가 높은데 이는 소비자들이 그리 많은 액수의 돈을 지출하지는 않을 거라는 이야 기입니다. 또한 아직도 대다수 온라인 쇼핑업체들이 수지를 맞추기 위해 고군분투하고 있다는 사실도 간과해서는 안 되겠죠.

despite the novelty of the broadcast , the essence of the controversy gets at questions that frequently tear up newsrooms.
방송의 참신함에도 불구하고 본질적인 논쟁이 종종 뉴스 편집실 사람들을 괴롭히는 문제로 제기된다.

despite speedily employment growth in the sector , competition for editing positions has helped companies maintain quality.
출판 부문의 취업률이 빠르게 증가하고 있음에도 불구하고 편집직은 경쟁이 치열해 회사들이 품질을 유지해 올 수 있었다.

address.
연설.

address.
식사.

jane is overdressed for the party , and sally is underdressed. what a pity they did not strike a balance.
제인은 그 파티에 굉장하게 차려 입고 나왔고 , 샐리는 너무 신경을 쓰지 않은 초라한 복장으로 나왔다. 두 사람 다 적당히 조절할 수 없다는 것은 유감이군 !.

jane in bad mood threw a temperament to her boy friend all day long.
기분이 안 좋은 제인은 남자친구에게 하루종일 짜증을 냈다.

jane has gone to stockholm to find work.
제인은 일자리를 구하기 위해 스톡홀름으로 갔다.

jane wanted to run for treasurer , so she tossed her hat into the ring.
제인은 회계 담당자 선거에 나가고 싶었으므로 입후보했다.

jane needs a stapler and she asks john to lend her one.
jane이 스테이플러가 필요해서 john에게 빌려달라고 하고 있습니다.

declare all unearned income.
모든 불로 소득을 신고하시오.

majority.
대다수.

majority.
과반수.

majority republicans in the house of representatives are investigating ways to strengthen and accelerate missile defense.
하원 다수당인 공화당 소속 의원들은 미국의 미사일 방위체계를 강화하고 가속화하기 위한 방안을 검토하고 있습니다.

merely.
다만.

merely.
한낱.

merely.
한갓.

disassemble.
분해.

disassemble.
뜯다.

sensitivity.
감성.

sensitivity.
감수성.

sensitivity.
감도.

sensitivity of the ballast resistance and track irregularity on the track stability.
궤도 안정성에 대한 도상저항력과 궤도틀림의 민감도.

sensitivity analysis of rockfill parameters influencing crest displacements of cfrd subjected to earthquake loading.
지진하중을 받는 필댐 정부변위에 영향을 미치는 입력물성에 대한 민감도 분석.

tuberculosis.
결핵.

tuberculosis.
폐결핵.

tuberculosis.
폐병.

ortiz has also been accused of assault in a separate incident in march.
오르티즈 하사관은 지난 3월 또다른 공격에서도 폭행을 저지른 혐의를 받고 있습니다.

sexual harassment is not a pickup line.
성적인 희롱은 작업멘트가 아니다.

israeli prime minister ehud olmert says he plans to meet palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas for talks on an internationally supported peace plan.
이스라엘의 에후드 올메르트 총리는 국제사회가 지지하는 평화 계획에 따라 마흐무드 압바스 팔레스타인 자치 수반과 만나 회담을 갖겠다고 말했습니다.

israeli prime minister ehud olmert has promised to continue the offensive until hezbollah guerrillas are disarmed and the soldiers are released.
에후드 올메르트 이스라엘 총리는 헤즈볼라가 무장해제하고 납치된 이스라엘 군사들을 석방할 때까지 공격을 계속할 것이라고 말했습니다.

israeli jets made an air-raid on several areas in southern lebanon , near beirut and the eastern bekaa valley.
이스라엘 전투기들은 수도 베이루트 인근과 동부 베카아 계곡 등 레바논 남부의 여러 지역을 공습했습니다.

israeli warplanes also bombed an area near the no man's land between lebanon and syria.
이스라엘군 전폭기들은 또한 레바논과 시리아 사이의 무인지대에 가까운 지역을 폭격했습니다.

israeli warplanes happened targets across lebanon for a ninth day , as more heavy fighting erupted between israeli ground forces and hezbollah guerrillas in southern lebanon.
이스라엘 전투기들은 9일째 연속으로 레바논의 목표물들에 대해 공습을 단행했으며 , 남부 레바논에서는 이스라엘군과 헤즈볼라 게릴라들간 에 또다시 치열한 전투가 벌어졌습니다.

unprovoked military aggression.
이유 없는 군사적 침략.

civilian.
민간인.

civilian.
양민.

lebanon blamed israel for " barbaric aggression " and urged the united nations security council to act immediately to halt the israeli offensive.
레바논은 이스라엘의 야만적인 침략행위를 규탄하고 유엔 안전보장 이사회가 이스라엘의 공세를 즉각 중지시키도록 행동을 취해야 한다고 촉구했습니다.

gandhi was an advocate of nonviolence.
간디는 비폭력의 주창자였다.

india's culture is marked by a large amount of syncretism ; it has managed to keep set traditions at the same time as absorbing new customs , traditions , and ideas from invaders and immigrants.
인도의 문화는 많은 혼합주의의 산물이라는 특징이 있다. 그것은 전통을 지키며 새로운 관습과 전통 그리고 아이디어들을 침략자와 이민자.

india's culture is marked by a large amount of syncretism ; it has managed to keep set traditions at the same time as absorbing new customs , traditions , and ideas from invaders and immigrants.
들로부터 흡수하였다.

park's former fc seoul teammate , ki sung-yeung also scored in the first half.
박의 전 fc 서울 동료 , 기성용도 전반전에 득점을 했다.

iraq's prime minister says he is ready to submit his national reconciliation plan to the iraqi parliament as violence continues elsewhere in the country.
누리 알-말리키 이라크 총리는 국민화합계획을 의회에 제출할 준비가 돼 있다고 밝혔습니다.

pyongyang has previously said it would regard any imposition as sanctions tantamount to a declaration of war.
북한은 줄곧 어떠한 제재조치도 전쟁 선포로 간주할 것이라고 말하고 있습니다.

romantic love seems flawed , while true love is perfect.
로맨틱한 사랑은 진실한 사랑이 완벽할 때 결점이 있어 보인다.

sex education is statutory , but the relationship side is not.
성교육은 법에 의해 규정되어있지만 , 대인관계에 있어서는 강제성이 없다.

transcript.
성적 증명서.

transcript.
대학 성적 증명서.

transcript.
성적 증명서를 떼다.

gun drawn , he climbs over the sill.
그는 총을 꺼내든채 창턱을 기어오른다.

weapon.
무기.

weapon.
병기.

weapon.
화기.

picking vegetables by hand in the hot sun is backbreaking.
뜨거운 태양 아래서 채소를 따는 일은 아주 힘든 일이다.

beaten.
매를 맞다.

beaten.
호되게 얻어맞다.

beaten.
된통 얻어맞다.

jake's house is in contiguity with tom's.
jake의 집은 tom의 집과 인접해 있다.

jake's eating habits are barbarous.
jake의 식습관은 야만적이다.

accomplished.
기성의.

accomplished.
다능하다.

accomplished.
교양 있는.

privately owned newspapers and tv stations openly assail the president.
사영 신문사들과 방송국들이 공개적으로 대통령을 심하게 비판했다.

senators diane feinstein , a democrat , and saxby chambliss , a republican , also expressed concern.
민주당 소속 다이앤 파인스타인 상원의원과 공화당 소속 색스비 챔블리스 상원의원도 혹스트라 의원과 같은 견해를 나타냈습니다.

asquint.
사팔눈.

aspiring actress mercedes earns her living working as a taxi dancer.
출세지향적인 매우인 메르세드스는 캬바레 댄서로 일하면서 생활비를 벌었다.

auditions will now be held the following sunday , in the belfast auditorium.
오디션은 돌아오는 일요일 , 벨페스트 강당에서 개최될 것입니다.

legally.
법률상.

legally.
법적으로는.

legally.
정식으로.

males go outside the family group to mate but always return , and they play an active role in taking care of the calves.
숫놈은 짝짓기를 위해 가족을 떠나지만 언제나 돌아와서 송아지를 돌보는데 적극적인 역할을 한다.

males are more likely to develop central sleep apnea than are females.
여성들보다 남성들에게 수면성 무호흡이 발생하기 더 쉽다.

females are larger than males and have a slightly longer wingspan.
암컷은 수컷보다 크며 약간 더 긴 날개 폭을 가지고 있습니다.

women's liberation from the bondage of domestic life.
가정생활이라는 속박으로부터의 여성들의 해방.

women's satisfactions and drives are more complex , organized as much around the health of the relationship as the majesty that is orgasm.
여성의 만족과 성적욕구는 보다 복잡하고 , 황홀한 오르가즘이 그렇듯이 상대와의 관계가 얼마나 건실한가에 많이 연관돼 있다.

combine the orange pieces and orange juice.
오렌지 조각과 오렌지 주스를 섞어라.

combine hot water , spices and lime juice.
뜨거운 물과 양념과 라임주스를 섞어라.

combine milk and cornstarch in a large saucepan.
우유와 옥수수 녹말을 커다란 소스팬에 함께 넣는다.

combine abalone , scallops , egg and salt.
전복 , 가리비 , 달걀 , 그리고 소금을 섞으세요.

newspaper reported correction article under fire.
신문은 비난을 받고 정정기사를 개재했다.

pneumonia.
폐렴.

pneumonia.
(급성) 폐렴에 걸리다.

pneumonia.
급성 폐렴.

dozens.
수십.

dozens.
여러 다스의.

dozens of rats came out at us.
수십마리 쥐가 난데없이 나타나 우리에게 달려들었다.

dynamic analysis of steel box girder bridge installed with skid proof pavement.
미끄럼방지포장을 설치한 강상자형 교량의 동적해석.

dynamic analysis of buried defense shelter due to blasting load.
발파하중에 의한 지중 방호구조물의 동적거동 분석.

dynamic analysis of ring-stiffened axisymmetric shells.
링보강 축대칭 쉘 구조물의 동적해석.

dynamic characteristics analysis of fin coil type evaporator.
휜코일형 증발기의 동특성 해석.

dynamic optimal shapes of free vibrating beam - columns with both hinged ends.
자유진동하는 단순지지 보 기둥의 동적 최적단면.

accelerate.
가속화되다.

accelerate.
가속도가 붙다.

aspirants to the title of world champion.
세계 챔피언 타이틀을 염원하는 선수들.

aspidistra.
엽란.

chicken little , though it has its moments , mostly just feels anxious and overreaching.
당장의 손실을 메우기 위해 무리수를 두는 것은 위험하다.

chicken pox broke out in my school.
우리 학교에서 천연두가 발생했어요.

chicken madras.
닭고기 마드라스.

recycling factor analysis on wood wastes in the construction site by classification origination reason.
건설현장 폐목재의 발생원인 분류를 통한 재활용 요인분석.

modified simulated annealing algorithms for optimal seismic design of braced frame structures.
2 차원 가새골조의 최적내진설계를 위한 msa 알고리즘.

facilitating real-time information sharing in construction supply chain management.
건설 공급사슬 관리상의 실시간 정보 공유 활성화 방안.

prospectus.
취지서.

prospectus.
설립 취지서.

prospectus.
창립 취지서.

roast asparagus until tender and lightly golden.
아스파라거스가 연하면서도 노릇해질 때까지 오븐에서 굽는다.

lightly grease a large gelatin mold or appropriately sized dish.
대형 젤라틴 틀이나 적당한 크기의 접시에 기름을 약간 발라라.

pieces of iron move towards a magnet due to magnetic force.
철 조각은 자력으로 인해 자석 방향으로 움직인다.

pieces of iron move towards a magnet due to magnetic force.
사랑이란 자석처럼 그의 개성에 이끌리는 것이다.

garlic is known to effectively suppress the proliferation of cancer cells.
마늘은 암세포의 증식을 억제하는 효과가 있는 것으로 알려져 있다.

toss with apple mixture and serve.
사과 혼합물을 섞은후 내세요.

toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon of oil.
감자에 기름 1큰술을 넣고 잘 버무린다.

stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice and boil until almost all of the liquid has evaporated.
레몬주스 한 큰술을 넣고 거의 모든 수분이 날아갈 때까지 저으면서 끓인다.

stir in parmesan.
파마산 치즈를 넣고 젓는다.

stir the hot water into the caramel , being careful to guard against splattering (the mixture will bubble vigorously).
뜨거운 물을 캬라멜에 넣고 저으세요. 튀는 것에 대비하여 조심하면서. (혼합물은 심하게 거품이 일어납니다.).

stir with a fork to mix well and aerate.
기포콘크리트를 이용한 친환경 내화충전제개발에 관한 기초적 연구.

stir together remaining caramelized onion and add to butter mixture , blending thoroughly.
남은 익힌 양파를 함께 넣고 저은 후 , 버터 반죽에 넣어 잘 섞는다.

peel off skin using small sharp knife.
작고 날카로운 칼을 이용해서 껍질을 벗겨라.

peel each banana and cut in half lengthwise.
바나나 껍질을 벗기고 세로로 반으로 자른다.

soy.
콩.

soy.
장유.

soy.
간장.

distinguished flying cross.
미국에 그가 돌아왔을 때 , 군함과 항공기가 워싱턴 d.c까지 그를 호위했는데 캘빈 쿨리지 대통령은 그에게 구별된 비행 횡단상을 수여했습니다.

vitamin.
비타민.

vitamin.
비타민 c를 복용하다.

vitamin.
비타민 정.

vitamin c also helps maintain collagen , the substance that helps the human body repair body tissue.
비타민 c는 또한 신체 조직을 회복하도록 돕는 물질인 , 콜라겐을 유지하도록 돕습니다.

vitamin b-12 deficiency ultimately leads to anemia.
비타민 b-12 결핍은 궁극적으로 빈혈에 이르게 한다.

dna is a person's genetic fingerprint.
dna는 유전학적인 지문감식법이다.

healing with water (or hydrotherapy) has been used for hundreds of years.
물로 치료하는 것(수치료법)은 수백년동안 사용되고 있다.

yeah , well , i did not mean no disrespect.
좋아요. 무시하려는 건 아니었어요.

yeah , whenever he eats spinach and he becomes a muscular guy.
응 , 시금치만 먹으면 근육질이 되는 사람이잖아.

hat.
모자.

citizens could rise up and rebel against the worsening economic crisis.
시민들은 점점 악화되는 경제 위기에 반대하는 시위를 일으킬 수 있었다.

defend justice as a hound of law.
정의를 형사처럼 지켜라.

mom.
엄마 , 다녀왔습니다 !.

mom.
엄마.

mom.
어머니 , 항상 사랑을 줘서 감사해요..

mom , i am afraid i can not.
엄마 , 안 될 것 같아요.

daddy lays up our photo in his wallet.
아빠는 우리의 사진을 지갑 속에 따로 간직하신다.

drain the sun-dried tomatoes and slice them thin.
햇볕에 말린 토마토의 물을 빼내고 얇게 썰어라.

beat in molasses and lemon extract.
당밀과 레몬을 잘 섞어라.

panda , read what i wrote before you shoot off your mouth.
판다 , 니가 함부로 말하기 전에 내가 쓴것을읽어라.

imports were only 2 per cent higher overall , reaching $9.3 billion.
수입은 93억 달러로 전체적으로 2% 증가에 그쳤다.

fertility has declined in these areas but demographic momentum will keep society relatively young until the mid-century.
이들 지역의 출산율은 감소하였지만 인구통계학적 타성으로 금세기 중반까지는 비교적 젊은 인구 구성을 유지할 것입니다.

except that , he has many merits.
그것 말고도 그에게는 장점이 많아요.

disney now operates theme parks all over the world and even on the sea.
디즈니는 현재 세계 곳곳에 테마 공원을 운영하고 있으며 심지어 바다 위에도 있습니다.

53 languages , including russian , tagalog , pashto and arabic.
미군은 손에 들 수 있는 150000 개의 미리 녹음된 명령과 질문을 러시아어 , 타갈로그 말 , 파슈토 말과 아라비아어를 포함한 53개 언어로 번 역할 수 있는 전자 기기를 개발 중이다.

luckily , i enjoy singing , acting and modeling on the catwalk.
다행히 저는 가수 , 연기자 , 모델 일 모두가 마음에 들어요.

luckily , she let me postdate the cheque until the end of the month , so i won' t have to pay the money until i get my salary.
운 좋게도 , 그녀가 수표의 날짜를 월말까지 늦춰 주어서 나는 월급을 탈 때까지 돈을 내지 않아도 된다.

luckily , we were downwind and they did not sense us.
다행히도 우리는 바람을 등지고 있었고 그들은 우리를 알아차리지 못했다.

christopher reeve got his first big acting break in his twenties , when he was cast as superman in the 1978 film , beating some 200 other candidates.
크리스토퍼 리브는 20대에 이미 배우로서 큰 명성을 얻는 행운을 누렸습니다. 바로 1978년 영화 슈퍼맨에서 200여 명의 경쟁자들을 물리치.

christopher reeve got his first big acting break in his twenties , when he was cast as superman in the 1978 film , beating some 200 other candidates.
고 주연으로 발탁된 것이었습니다.

christopher robin had a teddy bear he called winnie the pooh , after seeing a bear named winnie in the london zoo.
크리스토퍼 로빈은 런던 동물원에 있는 winnie라는 곰을 보고난 후 , " winnie the pooh " 라고 그가 불렀던 테디베어를 가졌다.

columbus described this place as being very resourceful.
콜럼버스는 이곳을 매우 자원이 풍부하다고 묘사했다.

postman also have the right to skip a house with dangerous dogs.
또한 우체부는 위험한 개가 있는 집은 지나칠 권리가 있다.

delicious food and reasonable prices make coyote caf ? worth a visit.
훌륭한 음식 맛과 적절한 가격 때문에 코요테 카페는 가볼 만한 가치가 있는 곳이다.

ash clouds can drift thousands of miles from an erupting volcano and are virtually undetectable by radar , making them particularly dangerous to unsuspecting pilots.
화산재 구름은 화산 분출이 일어나는 지역에서 수천 마일 떨어진 곳까지 떠다니기 때문에 사실상 레이더에 포착되지 않아 무방비 상태의 조 종사들에게 특히 위험하다.

mixing the pain reliever acetaminophen with alcohol can be hard on the liver but so can taking it while fasting.
진통제인 아세트아미노펜을 알코올과 함께 섭취할 경우 간에 무리가 갈 수 있습니다.

mixing with different backgrounds and nationalities far outweighs spending a year in a book.
다양한 배경과 국적을 가진 사람들이 뒤섞여 지내는 것이 책 한 권으로 일년을 보내는 것보다 훨씬 중요합니다.

sand dunes are formed by the agency of the wind.
모래 언덕은 바람의 작용으로 형성된다.

magnesium is stable in dry air but tarnishes when exposed to moisture.
마그네슘은 마른 공기 속에선 불변하지만 수분에 노출되면 변색된다.

sulfate.
황산구리.

sulfate.
황산아연.

mock-up test for reducing drying shrinkage of concrete structure.
구조체 콘크리트의 건조수축 균열 저감에 관한 mock-up 실험.

volcano.
화산.

volcano.
활화산.

volcano.
휴화산.

fill a bowl with ice water.
그릇을 얼음물로 채워라.

fill it up with unleaded , please.
무연 기름으로 채워 주세요.

fill out this lost luggage form.
분실신청용지인데 작성해 주세요.

starfish are not really fish.
불가사리는 진짜 물고기가 아닙니다.

starfish (aka seastars) prey on abalone , a type of mollusk.
불가사리(별명은 바다별)는 연체동물의 유형인 , 전복을 잡아먹습니다.

aseptic technique needs to be practiced in order.
무균 기술은 적법하게 실행될 필요가 있다.

beaker.
비커.

dear subscriber we are sorry to inform you that your account is delinquent.
구독자 귀하 귀하의 구독료가 미불되어 있음을 알려드리게 되어 유감스럽게 생각합니다.

dear dr* roberts : thank you for meeting with me last thursday.
로버트 박사 귀하 : 지난주 목요일 회동에 감사드립니다.

dear sunyoung , hiccup ! hiccup ! hiccup !.
선영이에게 , " 딸꾹 ! 딸꾹 ! 딸꾹 !".

(as) light as thistledown.
아주 가벼운.

anxiety has turned her hair gray.
걱정으로 머리가 하얗게 세었다.

ascidian.
우렁쉥이.

buddha.
부처.

buddha.
석가.

buddha.
불타.

buddha shakyamuni and pythagoras were contemporaries.
석가모니 부처와 피타고라스는 같은 시대 사람들이었습니다.

crash.
충돌.

crash.
추락.

crash.
급락.

continuous efforts resulted in a good success.
끈질긴 노력이 마침내 성공적인 결과를 가져왔다.

stocks dropped sharply amid growing concern about economic stagnation.
경기 침체에 대한 우려가 커지는 가운데 주가가 곤두박질쳤다.

peafowls eat insects , seeds , plant seedlings , fruit , and small reptiles.
공작은 벌레 , 씨 , 묘목 , 과일 , 그리고 작은 파충류 동물을 먹습니다.

breathed.
나는 숨을 내쉬었다..

breathed.
그녀는 갑자기 깊은 숨을 쉬었다..

breathed.
숨을 쉬다.

slowly , but surely , these people are going bonkers , in fact the madder the better in this northeast thailand town.
서서히 , 그러나 너무도 분명히 이곳 사람들은 조금씩 미쳐가고 있습니다. 실제로 태국의 북동쪽에 위치한 이 마을에서는 미치면 미칠수록 그만큼 더 좋습.

slowly , but surely , these people are going bonkers , in fact the madder the better in this northeast thailand town.
서서히 , 그러나 너무도 분명히 이곳 사람들은 조금씩 미쳐가고 있습니다. 실제로 태국의 북동쪽에 위치한 이 마을에서는 미치면 미칠수록 그.

slowly , but surely , these people are going bonkers , in fact the madder the better in this northeast thailand town.
만큼 더 좋습니다.

slowly but surely , we are improving our performance.
더디지만 확실하게 , 우리의 업무 능력이 향상되고 있다.

slowly but surely , we are improving our product.
더디지만 확실하게 , 우리의 제품이 향상되고 있다.

slowly but surely , we are improving our standard of living.
더디지만 확실하게 , 우리의 생활수준이 향상되고 있다.

slowly add vinegar and blend well.
천천히 식초를 첨가하고 잘 섞어.

moore captured the singularity of the man.
모서리 응력특이도의 영향을 포함한 고정 또는 자유 경계조건의 조합을 고려한 마름모꼴 평판의 휨 진동 해석.

poverty is the mother of crime from time to time.
때로는 가난이 범죄를 부른다.

poverty often creates desperate measures for the necessities of life.
가난은 종종 삶의 필요성에 대한 필사적인 방법을 만들어내기도 한다.

poverty and crime are two social malaises.
빈곤과 범죄는 두 가지 사회적 병폐다.

poverty has a bad impact on people's health.
가난은 사람들의 건강에 악영향을 끼친다.

resent.
원망.

resent.
분개.

prefer loss to the wealth of dishonest gain ; the former vexes you for a time ; the latter will bring you lasting remorse. (chilo).
부정직한 이익보다는 부의 상실을 추구하라. 부의 상실은 잠깐 괴롭게 하겠지만 , 부정직한 이익은 평생 회한으로 남을 것이다. (칠로 , 전쟁명언).

photography.
사진술.

photography entry must follow " ready for hanging " rule guidelines of being either framed , matted or flush-mounted on mounting board , which has to be suitable for hanging with a wire or hook adhered to the back of the photograph.
출품 사진은 액자에 넣거나 매트 처리를 하거나 마운팅보드 위에 플러쉬 마운트 처리를 하여 '바로 걸 수 있도록 해야 한다'는 지침을 따라야 하며 , 사진의 뒷면에 부착되어 있는 철사나 걸이로 걸 수 있어야 합니다.

organic foods meet the same quality and safety standards as conventional foods.
유기농식품도 보통식품과 같은 품질 , 안전성을 지닌다.

airborne allergies are caused by exposure to pollen , mold , house dust mites , pet dander and cockroaches.
공기로 운반되는 알레르기는 꽃가루 , 흙 , 집먼지 진드기 , 동물 비듬 , 그리고 바퀴벌레에 도출되는 것에 의해서 야기됩니다.

asafetida.
아위.

drill.
훈련.

drill.
드릴.

drill.
연습.

nails are nature's way of shielding our hands and feet against the slings and arrows of the world.
손톱과 발톱은 외부세계의 가혹한 충격으로부터 손과 발을 보호해 주는 천연 방어벽입니다.

lamb.
양고기.

lamb.
털 깎인 양.

lamb is often fatty , but this tastes scrumptious.
양고기는 종종 기름진데 이것은 정말 맛있다.

peas split open when they are roasted.
구운 콩들은 껍질이 벌어진다.

aryan.
아리안.

aryan.
아리아인(종).

aryan.
아리안어족.

holocaust.
핵무기에 의한 대참사가 발생했다..

holocaust.
번제.

holocaust.
참해.

india , once written off as a hopeless case , has almost tripled its food production in the last 30 years.
한때 절망적인 경우라고 여겨졌던 인도는 지난 30년간 식량 생산을 세 배로 증대시켰다.

india and china signed an accord today to form a strategic partnership.
오늘 중국과 인도는 전략적 협력관계 구축을 위한 협정을 체결했습니다.

india has at least 5 million people with h.i.v.
인도는 hiv 보균자가 500만 명을 넘어섰습니다.

india has lambasted pakistan for what new delhi says is islamabad's sponsorship of militants carrying out attacks in indian kashmir.
인도는 파키스탄이 뉴 델리의 발언이 이슬람이 지원하는 민병대의 캐쉬미르 공격을 일으키게 되었다고 비난한다.

india plans to follow the mission by landing a rover on the moon in 2011 , and eventually , with a manned space program.
인도는 2011년에 달에 로봇을 착륙시키고 그 임무를 따를 계획이고 마침내 유인 우주 프로그램을 수행할 계획에 있습니다.

smelling the concession stand foods , makes me feel like a starving child.
매점 음식 냄새가 나를 배고픈 아이처럼 느끼게 만든다.

smelling the concession stand foods , makes me feel like a starving child.
티켓은 3파운드인데 학생용은 1파운드 할인된다.

brochure.
요람.

brochure.
카탈로그.

brochure.
팜플렛.

tomorrow's seminar will be presented by the author of the book entitled twentieth century commerce.
내일 세미나에게서는 '20세기 무역'이라는 책의 저자가 내용을 발표할 예정이다.

that'll be the answer to my prayer.
그건 내 기도에 대한 응답을 듣는 거에요.

that'll give you a little time to unwind a bit.
그러면 잠시 짬을 내서 쉬실 수 있을 겁니다.

graphics will be cropped , and smaller ones will be centered.
로고 그래픽(oemlogo.bmp)은 96 x 96 픽셀(작은 글꼴) 또는 120 x 120 픽셀(큰 글꼴) 이하여야 합니다. 그래픽이 더 크면 잘리고 , 작으면.

graphics will be cropped , and smaller ones will be centered.
가운데에 표시됩니다.

chic.
멋지다.

chic.
멋있다.

chic.
하이칼라.

hopefully , we will be able to make the sequel different enough from the first movie.
속편을 1편과는 상당히 다르게 만들 수 있었으면 하는 바람입니다.

hopefully this time without running afoul of the system.
이번만큼은 그 제도에 저촉되지 않기를 바래.

(be) simple ; innocent ; naive ; artless ; unsophisticated ; ingenuous ; unaffected.
천진난만하다.

(be) fair-skinned ; smooth and white ; velvety.
분결 같다.

naive.
순진하다.

naive.
천진하다.

naive.
순박하다.

choosing mobile crane and developing the simulation program of stability review.
이동식 크레인 선정과 안전성검토 시뮬레이션 프로그램 개발.

venus had no choice but to change the girl back into a cat.
비너스는 그녀를 다시 고양이로 변하게 하는 것 말고는 다른 선택의 여지가 없었다.

soul to ; therefor , who are we to condemn anybody ? (mother teresa).
힌두교도든 이슬람교도든 기독교도든 , 당신이 삶을 사는 방식을 보면 , 당신이 신에게 온전히 귀의하고 있는 것인지 알 수 있다. 우리는 타인.

soul to ; therefor , who are we to condemn anybody ? (mother teresa).
을 비난해서도 판단해서도 안되고 남에게 상처를 줄 만한 말을 퍼뜨려서도 안 된다. 우리는 상대의 영혼에 신이 어떤 모습으로 나타나는지.

soul to ; therefor , who are we to condemn anybody ? (mother teresa).
알 수 없으며 그 영혼을 신이 어디로 인도하는지도 알 수 없다. 그러므로 우리가 어찌 남을 비난할 수 있겠는가. (마더 테레사 , 자기관리명언.

painted on canvas using egg tempera , it shows a young girl forced at an early age to clean streets to support her family.
달걀을 이용한 템페라 기법으로 캔버스에 그려진 이 그림에는 가족을 부양하기 위해 어린 나이에 거리를 청소해야 하는 한 어린 소녀가 그려져 있습니다.

painted on canvas using egg tempera , it shows a young girl forced at an early age to clean streets to support her family.
달걀을 이용한 템페라 기법으로 캔버스에 그려진 이 그림에는 가족을 부양하기 위해 어린 나이에 거리를 청소해야 하는 한 어린 소녀가 그려 져 있습니다.

lifelike.
약여.

lifelike.
박진.

displays a keyboard that is controlled by a mouse or switch input device.
마우스나 스위치 입력 장치로 제어되는 키보드를 표시합니다.

paper.
지필묵.

paper.
종이.

paper.
리포트.

nato is the bedrock of our security.
나토가 우리 안전의 토대이다.

nato is the linchpin of our security.
nato (북대서양조약기구)는 우리 안보의 핵심이다.

nato bombs plowed up some fields , blew up hundreds of cars , trucks and decoys , and barely dented serb artillery and armor.
나토군이 대지에 폭탄을 퍼붓고 , 수 백대의 자동차와 트럭 , 공습교란장비들을 파괴했지만 실제로 세르비아군의 포대와 장갑차에는 거의 피해를 주지 못했 다.

nato bombs plowed up some fields , blew up hundreds of cars , trucks and decoys , and barely dented serb artillery and armor.
나토군이 대지에 폭탄을 퍼붓고 , 수 백대의 자동차와 트럭 , 공습교란장비들을 파괴했지만 실제로 세르비아군의 포대와 장갑차에는 거의 피 해를 주지 못했다.

lao.
노자.

lao.
파테트라오.

lao.
노군.

artificialinsemination.
인공수정.

artificialinsemination.
인공 수정.

artificialinsemination.
체외 수정.

validation and development of artificial sky dome facilities with a heliodon.
인공 천공돔과 헬리오돈의 개발 및 성능 실험 사례 연구.

topology.
위상 기하학.

topology.
토폴로지.

confessional.
참회실.

reformed artifact smuggler rudy (van damme) is forced to travel to.
리폼된 유물을 밀수입하는 rudy(van damme)는 강제로 여행길에 올랐다.

dating is the process of spending time with probable partners to become acquainted.
데이트란 애인이 될 가능성이 있는 사람과 시간을 보내며 잘 알아가는 과정이다.

annually.
매년.

annually.
퍼포밍아트센터(pac)는 연간 2 , 000회가 넘는 공연 입장권의 지방 판매를 위해 티켓닷컴과 입장권 판매 위탁 계약을 체결했다.

annually.
해마다.

annually.
1년에 한 번.

afghanistan still accounts for almost 90 percent of the crop depend on making heroin.
아프가니스탄은 아직도 생산량의 90퍼센트가 헤로인 생산에 의존한다고 설명했습니다.

carefully.
꼼꼼히.

carefully.
깐깐하게.

carefully.
가장 큰 건 15쪽에 있는데 , 도표 1과 2가 바뀌었어요. 하여튼 여기 다 적어 놓았으니까 신경 써서 꼭 확인하도록 하세요.

gathered here tonight at this annual ceremony we have a whole constellation of actors.
기라성같은 배우들이 오늘 밤 여기 이 연례 행사에 모두 모여 있군요.

articulator.
말더듬이 교정기.

spatial stability analysis of thin - walled space frames and arches : finite element formulation (2).
박벽 공간뼈대구조 및 원형아치의 횡-비틂 좌굴 유한요소 해석.

spatial interpolation methods and hedonic analysis of air quality.
공간내삽법 적용이 헤도닉 분석에 의한 대기질의 한계잠재가격 추정에 미치는 영향.

consumer sales are so slack that many smaller manufactures are going out of business.
판매가 너무 부진해서 많은 소규모 제조업체들이 도산하고 있다.

consumer reaction to the new product has been very disappointing.
신제품에 대한 소비자들의 반응은 실망스러운 것이었다.

solicitors who misappropriate clients' funds risk being sent to prison.
고객의 자금을 횡령하는 소송 대리인은 감옥에 갈 위험을 무릅쓴다.

honey , i think i have the 7 year itch.
여보 , 나 권태기인가 봐.

honey , i left a little something for you under the coffee cup.
아가씨 , 커피잔 아래에다 조금 놓아두었어요.

honey , our fiftieth anniversary is coming up soon.
여보 , 곧 우리 결혼 50주년 기념일이네요.

moderate.
중용의.

moderate.
온건.

moderate.
중도파.

mix at low speed until crumbly.
푸석푸석해질 때까지 천천히 섞으세요.

mix other ingredients , fold in dry.
다른 재료를 섞고 , 접어서 말려라.

mix by hand until throughly mixed.
완전히 섞일때 까지 손으로 섞어라.

refrigerate leftover bars to retain crispness.
남은 바들을 냉동해서 바삭함을 유지해라.

steaming.
몰씬몰씬하다.

steaming.
갓 만든 음식.

steaming.
김이 나는 요리.

spinach and broccoli and carrots are good for you , by the way , but so are tomatoes.
시금치 , 브로콜리 , 당근이 우리 건강에 좋듯이 토마토도 그렇습니다.

basil is a good herb for beginners.
바질은 초보자들에게 좋은 허브이다.

ladies and gentlemen , the store will be closing in ten minutes.
고객 여러분들께 알려드립니다. 저희 매장은 앞으로 10분 뒤에 폐점 합니다.

aged six he could not even speak , but now he is badgering his parents to buy the game.
그는 6살까지 말도 잘 못했지만 지금은 놀이도구를 사달라고 부모를 계속 조르고 있다.

weakening demand has caused layoffs throughout_ the industry.
수요 감소로 업계 전반에 걸쳐 감원 바람이 불었다.

rheumatoid.
류머티즘성 관절염.

notwithstanding decades of study , scientists still do not understand why human populations are biased toward right-hand use rather than left-hand use.
수십 년에 걸친 연구에도 불구하고 과학자들은 인간이 왼손보다는 오른손을 더 많이 사용하는 이유를 아직도 알지 못한다.

pulse.
맥.

pulse.
맥박.

bamboo and rattan are types of cane.
대나무와 등나무는 일종의 가는 나무 줄기이다.

bamboo lemurs are very small animals - an adult bamboo lemur grows to only about one kilogram.
대나무 여우원숭이는 아주 작은 동물로서 어른 대나무 여우원숭이는 겨우 1킬로그램까지 밖에 자라지 않는다.

luna.
달님.

alexandria.
알렉산드리아.

romanticism.
낭만주의.

romanticism.
로맨티시즘.

nude.
알몸의.

nude.
옷을 벗은.

nude.
벌거숭이의.

lesson of tama new town development and belle-colline minami osawa site.
타마 뉴타운의 개발과 벨콜린 미나미 오사와 단지의 교훈.

wildfires are one of the most threatening natural disasters.
도깨비불은 가장 위협적인 자연 재해 중 하나다.

lightning often occurs during a thunderstorm.
번개는 뇌우가 내리는 동안 자주 발생한다.

lightning caused several house fires in portsmouth , newmarket and north hampton.
포츠머스 , 뉴마켓 , 놀스 헴턴에 있는 몇몇 주거주택이 번갯불에 의해 불에 탓다.

lightning strikes a tree.
벼락이 나무를 친다.

analyzing daylight distribution and evaluating discomfort glareof roller shades and venetian blind using the radiance software.
radiance 소프트웨어를 이용한 롤러 쉐이드와 베니션 블라인드에 의한 실내 주광분포 분석 및 창면 글레어(dgi) 평가.

self.
자아.

self.
에고.

steve asked bob to be best man.
steve는 bob에게 들러리가 되어달라고 요청했다.

wenger's dictionary is the most effective tool available for improvement both vocabulary and writing.
벵거 사전은 어휘력과 작문 실력 모두를 향상시키는데 도 움이 되는 가장 유용한 도구이다.

emily decided to poison homer using arsenic.
에밀리는 호머를 비소로 중독시키기로 결정했다.

chamakh's dream is to join arsenal.
샤막의 꿈은 아스날에 입단하는 것이다.

chelsea , which is poised to win its first league title in 50 years , was previously sponsored by emirates airline.
첼시는 50년 만에 처음으로 리그 우승이 확실시되고 있는데요 , 첼시의 이전 후원사는 에미리트 항공이었습니다.

liverpool.
리버풀.

israel is believed to possess the world's sixth-largest nuclear arsenal.
이스라엘은 세계에서 6번째로 많은 핵을 소유하고 있는 것으로 믿어진다.

israel is withholding about 50 million dollars in monthly payments of tax revenues it collects for the palestinian authority.
이스라엘은 팔레스타인에 대해 5천만 달러 상당의 세금과 관세이전을 보류하고 있습니다.

ultimately , i think being successful is being happy.
궁극적으로 성공함은 행복에서 온다.

sustained.
지속방사.

sustained.
괴이다.

sustained.
정보 정치.

allegations of sleaze.
불법 행위 혐의.

arrowroot.
갈분.

arrowroot.
칡 가루.

arrowroot.
갈포 벽지.

bow.
활.

bow.
숙이다.

bow.
뱃머리.

shaft.
화살.

swing.
스윙.

swing.
그네.

samurai were a huge part of the japanese civilization for several hundred years.
사무라이는 지난 수백년간 일본 문명의 거대한 부분이었다.

conversation is an art in itself , and the best conversationist(= talker) is by no means a man who has many stories to tell(= topics).
대화는 본래 하나의 기술이므로 가장 훌륭한 이야기꾼이란 결코 화제를 많이 가지고 있는 사람이 아니다.

valued.
소중한 친구.

okay , it's a little scary , but it's not as cool as a sphinx.
좋다.조금 무섭다고 치자.그러나 스핑크스처럼 쿨 하지는 않다.

newfoundland.
뉴펀들랜드.

congrats on the arrival of your child !.
아이의 탄생을 축하 드립니다.

los angeles , in the midst of the civil rights movement.
민권운동의 한 복판에 서 있는 로스앤젤레스.

arriving in another city or even another country on business , then finding that your luggage has been lost or misdirected , can be a disaster.
업무차 다른 도시나 국가에 도착해서 , 당신의 짐이 없어지거나 잘못 배달되었다는 것을 알게되는 것은 참 난감한 일입니다.

merchandise.
상품.

stewart will serve five months in prison and then five months of house arrest.
스튜어트는 5개월간 징역을 살고 이어 5개월간 가택연금 됩니다.

arrearage.
미결 사항.

arrearage.
미불.

arrearage.
세금 체납.

payment will be remitted to you in full.
지불금은 당신에게로 전액 송금될 겁니다.

array.
정렬.

array.
자동차의 행렬.

trapezoid.
사다리꼴.

trapezoid.
제형.

trapezoid.
등변 사다리꼴.

initiatives are under way to improve understanding and to demystify the system.
시스템을 분명하게 설명하고 동시에 이해를 증진시키기 위한 방향으로 주도권이 움직이고 있다.

advantages offset disadvantages.
득실이 상쇄된다.

mixed.
착잡하다.

mixed.
복합의.

adaptive reuse for elderly housing and residents' satisfaction.
노인주거를 위한 건물의 재사용과 거주자의 만족도.

mounted.
기마경찰.

mounted.
벽걸이형 텔레비전.

depending on your bodily constitution , ginseng may not agree with you.
체질에 따라 인삼이 맞지 않을 수도 있다.

nonsense.
무의미.

nonsense.
엉터리.

monitor the confidence of probationers during stage 4.
보호 관찰 대상자의 신뢰를 4 단계동안 관찰해라.

skeptical.
회의적.

skeptical.
회의적인.

skeptical.
회의론자가 되지 마세요..

conception.
구상.

conception.
개념.

conception.
수태.

apple has to persuade corporations that it will not suddenly bring about a new product that renders its old line obsolete.
애플사는 자기 회사의 기존 제품을 구식으로 만드는 신제품을 갑자기 내놓지 않겠다고 기업들을 설득해야 한다.

arr. london 06.00.
아침 6시 런던 도착.

handel , arr. mozart.
헨델 작곡 , 모차르트 편곡.

mozart wrote many musical compositions in his short life.
모차르트는 짧은 생애 동안 많은 악곡을 작곡했다.

arpeggio.
펼침화음.

arpeggio.
아르페지오.

residents are furious at the council's decree.
주민들은 의회의 명령에 화가났다.

residents enjoy all the comfort and convenience of living in a wellestablished community with access to three championship golf courses , 20 tennis courts , a lavish sports club and a european-style spa.
이 곳 주민들은 3개의 선수권 대회용 골프 코스와 20개의 테니스장 , 고급 스포츠 클럽 , 그리고 유럽식 온천 등을 이용할 수 있는 잘 갖추어진 환경에서 생활의 모든 안락함과 편의를 누리고 있습니다.

nirvana.
해탈.

nirvana.
열반.

nirvana.
피안.

researchers in oxford , england , isolated the smell of cheddar cheese.
영국 옥스포드에 있는 과학자들은 체더 치즈의 냄새를 분리해서 실험을 했습니다.

researchers at the center for science in america recently said in a report that chinese food is not just bad for your waistline ; it can also kill you as well.
미국 과학 센터의 연구원들이 최근 한 보고서에서 중국 음식은 단지 허리선에만 나쁜 것이 아니라 여러분의 목숨도 앗아갈 수도 있다고 말했 답니다.

researchers from the veterans affairs medical center in dallas set out to see which works best long term , the surgery or drugs.
달라스 소재 재향군인의료원의 연구진은 장기적으로 수술과 약물요법 중 어느 쪽이 더 효과적인지 알아보기 위한 조사에 착수했습니다.

researchers could not rely on the data , after learning that lab technicians failed to follow standard sterilization procedures.
연구원들은 연구실 기술자들이 표준 소독 절차를 따르지 않았다는 사실을 알고 나서 데이터를 신뢰할 수 없었다.

researchers say there are three major periods of brain growth.
연구가들은 뇌의 성장을 크게 3단계로 보고 있습니다.

researchers examined more than 60 studies on caffeine withdrawal from the last 170 years.
연구자들은 지난 170년 동안 이루어진 카페인 금단증상에 대한 60건 이상의 연구 결과를 검토해 봤습니다.

grapes and olives are superabundant in this part of france.
프랑스의 이 지역은 포도와 올리브가 아주 풍부하다.

chateau means castle in french. it was built between the 19th and 20th century.
chateau는 프랑스어로 " 성 " 이란 뜻인데 , 그 건물은 19세기에서 20세기 사이에 지어졌대요.

stump.
유세.

stump.
그루터기.

stump.
정치연설.

dispute.
의론.

dispute.
논담.

aromatic.
향기롭다.

aromatic.
향긋하다.

aromatic.
향기로운.

centerpiece.
테이블센터.

distilled.
증류수.

distilled.
소주.

distilled.
위스키는 곡물을 증류시킨 것이다..

dissipate.
탕진하다.

dissipate.
바람(을) 켜다.

mellow music and lighting helped to create the right atmosphere.
그윽한 음악과 불빛이 적절한 분위기를 만드는 데 도움이 되었다.

apples are just now in their prime.
사과는 지금 한창이다.

sponsoring the berlin film festival , volkswagen limousines whisked screen idols to the red carpet.
베를린 영화제를 공식 후원하는 폭스바겐 사는 스크린 스타들을 리무진에 태워 시상식장 입구에 펼쳐진 레드 카펫까지 인도했습니다.

siege.
포위.

siege.
공위.

siege.
포위를 풀다.

unbroken.
면면하다.

unbroken.
옹글다.

victories in recent years by miss india , miss botswana , miss panama and this year's miss puerto rico have made many people from those regions proud of their country and people.
최근 몇 년 동안 미스 인도 , 미스 보츠와나 , 미스 파나마 , 그리고 올해의 미스 푸에르토 리코의 승리는 많은 사람들에게 그들 나라와 민족에 대해 자부심을 느끼게 만들었다.

sweaty.
땀내 나다.

sweaty.
땀내 나는 옷.

reveal.
드러내다.

reveal.
묵시를 주다.

reveal yourself or i will call the police.
네 정체를 밝혀라 , 그렇지 않으면 경찰을 부르겠다.

protective sealants should be applied to the rain cover before they are used for the first time.
레인 커버는 처음 사용하기 전에 보호용 방수제를 발라야 한다.

armorer.
갑장.

armorer.
무구제조자.

armorer.
병기계.

december 12 is national poinsettia day in america.
12월 2일은 미국에서 국가적인 포인세티아 날입니다.

december 28 is the day for christians to remember the innocent children killed by king herod.
기독교인들에게 12월 28일은 헤롯왕에 의해 목숨을 잃은 죄 없는 아이들을 기리는 날입니다.

saint it , you are a holy man.
너는 성인이야 , 성인답게 행동해라.

sword.
검.

sword.
칼 한 자루.

arming all police officers would mean ditching the current stringent selection methods and inevitably result in less training being provided , so mistakes would become much more common and more people would be wounded or killed.
모든 경찰관들은 무장하는 것은 엄선한 방법들에서 벗어나는 것을 의미할 수 있고 훈련을 덜 받는 결과가 불가피하게 초래되어 , 실수는 더 일반적인 것이 되고 더 많은 사람들이 부상을 당하거나 사망할 수 있어.

owen is ambitious and he's young.
오웬은 야심이 있고 어려요.

routinely arming the police is an effective deterrent to criminal behavior ; most countries in europe and north america routinely arm police officers , in part to deter criminal acts.
경찰을 관례적으로 무장시키는 것은 범죄 행위의 효과적인 억제책으로 , 유럽과 북미의 많은 나라들은 부분적으로 범죄 행위를 막기 위해서 경찰관들을 관 례적으로 무장시켜.

sheila and mr. birling contrastively to the other characters.
이와는 대조적으로 일본의 자동차 제조회사들은 지난 분기에 판매량이 증가했으며 하이브리드 자동차와 소형 승용차가 강세를 보였다고 하는데 , 두 자동 차 모두 휘발유 소비량이 적은 자동차들이다.

symbol.
상징.

symbol.
표상.

symbol.
기호.

essentially , aloe vera works as a cleaner of the body's digestive system.
본질적으로 , 알로에 베라는 신체의 소화 시스템을 깨끗하게 하는 역할을 한다.

unions began to spring up again in the mid 1900s by disgruntled workers.
노동 조합들은 , 1900년대 중반 불만에 쌓였던 노동자들이 그랬던 것처럼 또다시 봉기하기 시작했다.

policemen had the hooligans' guts for garters.
경찰관들은 훌리건들을 혼내주었다.

inevitably , there will be debates on this issue , and rightly so.
분명히 , 이 이슈에 대해서 논쟁을 할 것이고 , 마땅히 그래야 한다.

subtle.
섬세하다.

subtle.
미묘하다.

subtle.
은근하다.

armenian and russian officials are blaming the crash on bad weather and stressing that terrorism was not involved.
아르메니아와 러시아 당국자들은 이번 사고는 악천후 탓이라면서 , 테러리즘이 개입됐을 가능성은 없다고 강조했습니다.

arm..
아르메니아.

romania says three romanian journalists and their iraqi guide have been freed , nearly two months after they were kidnapped in baghdad.
루마니아는 이날 바그다드에서 근 두달째 납치됐던 루마니아 기자 3명과 그들을 안내 중이었던 이라크 안내원이 석방됐다고 말했습니다.

voting.
표결.

voting.
무투표로.

armed.
무기를 소지하다.

armed.
무장하고 있다.

armed.
무장 강도.

silently.
조용히.

silently.
멍멍히.

silently.
무언으로.

armageddon , the rock , pearl harbor , bad boy i ii , transformers and its sequel are all his major creations.
아마겟돈 , 더 록 , 진주만 , 나쁜남자 i ii , 트랜스포머와 속편들 모두 그의 주요 작품들이다.

noah fires up a fag , flops down into a dentist chair.
노아는 궐련 한 대를 피우고 나서 치과병원 의자에 털썩 주저 앉았다.

sinking.
침몰.

sinking.
침강.

divers.
잠수부.

divers.
스카이다이빙을 하는 사람.

divers.
하이 다이빙 선수.

divers transfer from the water to a decompression chamber.
잠수부들은 물에서 나와 감압실로 옮겨 간다.

aristotle suggested that mimesis is innate in humans.
아리스토텔레스는 미메시스(모방)은 인간의 본성이라고 주장했다.

advised.
충고를 받다.

wherever i travel , i have to use bulletproof cars.
내가 어디로 움직이든지 , 나는 방탄차를 이용해야 한다.

wherever , whatever she does , she always has a life of her own.
어디서 무얼 하든지 간에 그녀는 항상 두드러진다.

custom.
관습.

custom.
풍습.

custom.
관례.

judges are generally considered to be the aristocracy of the legal profession.
판사들은 일반적으로 법률업의 귀족으로 간주된다.

arise.
벌어지다.

arise.
발생.

arise.
생기다.

timothy wuster , chief executive of american king , said the five brands would help complement its mooleun s pasta line.
아메리칸 킹사의 최고경영자인 티모시 우스터는 5개의 브랜드들이 물른 파스타 라인을 보완하는 데 일조할 것이라고 말했다.

aril.
가종피.

aries (ram) : march 21~april 19.
양자리 : 3월 21일~4월 19일.

describe.
형용하다.

describe.
형언하다.

leo is a proud , individualistic , and generous being.
사자자리는 자만하며 이기주의적이지만 관대하다.

leo began to sing in a fine baritone voice.
레오는 훌륭한 중음의 목소리로 노래를 하기 시작했다.

sagittarius : november 22~december 21 (symbol : the archer ) traditional traits : optimistic , jovial , blunt , restless , intellectual , careless , honest , straightforward , philosophical , superficial , honest , good-humored , freedom-loving.
궁수자리 : 11월 22일~12월 21일(상징 : 궁수) 전통적인 특징들 : 낙천적이고 , 유쾌하고 , 무뚝뚝하고 , 침착하지 못하고 , 지적이고 , 부주의하고 , 솔직하고 , 직선 적이고 , 철학적이고 , 가식적이고 , 좋은 유머감각을 가지고 있고 , 자유를 사랑한다.

sagittarius : november 22~december 21 (symbol : the archer ) traditional traits : optimistic , jovial , blunt , restless , intellectual , careless , honest , straightforward , philosophical , superficial , honest , good-humored , freedom-loving.
궁수자리 : 11월 22일~12월 21일(상징 : 궁수) 전통적인 특징들 : 낙천적이고 , 유쾌하고 , 무뚝뚝하고 , 침착하지 못하고 , 지적이고 , 부주의하고 , 솔직하고 , 직선적이고 , 철학적이고 , 가식적이고 , 좋은 유머감각을 가지고 있고 , 자유를 사랑한다.

honest as he was , he refused to bribe.
그는 정직했기 때문에 뇌물을 거절했다.

sharon stone , holly hunter , uma thurman , and mariah carey all were married in vera wang creations.
샤론 스톤 , 홀리 헌터 , 우마 서먼 , 그리고 머라이어 캐리가 모두 베라 왕이 직접 디자인한 드레스를 입고 결혼식을 올렸습니다.

israel's attack on syrian territory raised international concern that the conflict would take on a new , dangerous regional dimension.
이스라엘의 시리아 영토 공격은 위험한 지역 차원에서 새롭게 맞이할 충돌에 대한 국제적인 우려를 키웠다.

israel's vice prime minister said iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a danger to the whole world as well as just a threat to israel.
이스라엘 부총리는 이란 핵문제는 단지 이스라엘에 대한 위협만이 아니라 전세계를 향한 위험이라고 말했습니다.

ending war will end air pollution.
전쟁을 끝낸다면 대기 오염을 막을 수 있을 것이다.

hypoxia.
산소 결핍.

investigation of weathering steel bridges of usa and japan (1 / 2).
무도장 내후성 강교량 해외실태 조사.

highlight.
하이라이트.

highlight.
강조.

tonight's forecast is calling for partly cloudy skies and isolated rain showers.
오늘 일기예보에서 부분적으로 흐리고 때때로 지역에 따라 소나기가 내릴 거라고 했습니다.

interestingly , patients with the most common known melanoma mutations , called braf mutations , also had the highest uv exposure by age 20.
흥미롭게도 , braf 돌연변이라 불리는 가장 일반적으로 알려진 흑색종 돌연변이를 가진 환자들도 20세까지 가장 높은 자외선에 노출되어 있 었다.

communicator.
보지기.

underdeveloped.
발육이 불완전한.

amicable divorce might be the best solution for us as well as them.
합의 이혼은 그들 뿐만아니라 우리에게도 가장 좋은 해결책이 되어 질 것이다.

discontinuity.
불연속.

discontinuity.
비연속.

discontinuity.
불연속면.

believing he could win the race easily , he entered it.
그는 쉽게 이길 거라 믿고 경기에 출전했다.

argol.
조주석.

mars.
화성.

mars.
마르스.

mars.
하지만 화성이 항상 무서운 것만은 아닙니다.

zinc.
아연.

zinc.
아연을 씌우다.

zinc stearate , a slippery , soap-like powder , prevents unvulcanized rubber sheets from sticking.
변하기 쉽고 금속염 같은 가루인 아연 경아르산염은 , 달라붙는 것으로부터 연화된 구리 판박을 보호합니다.

worthless.
찾을모가 없는.

worthless.
보잘것없다.

northwestern.
서북의.

northwestern.
서북 해안.

northwestern.
서도.

seriously wounded soldiers were sent back to the rear.
중상을 입은 병사들은 후송되었다.

colombia has undergone a civil war that has lasted for more than a century.
콜롬비아는 백년보다 더 오래 지속된 시민전쟁을 겪었다.

peru jumps from sixth last year to runner up.
페루가 작년 6위에서 2위로 껑충 뛰어 오르다.

logo.
로고.

logo.
마크.

logo.
상표를 부착하다.

acknowledge.
자인하다.

yo-yo ma has been part of the global music community almost all his life.
지금까지 요요마는 그의 삶의 대부분을 세계적인 음악 무대에서 활동해 왔습니다.

historically , manufacturing and environmentalism were thought to be mutually exclusive terms.
역사적으로 제조업과 환경 보호주의라는 용어는 서로 양립할 수 없는 것으로 간주되었다.

historically it's very rare for a japanese company to appoint an overseas boss.
전통적으로 일본 회사가 외국인을 사장으로 임명하는 것은 아주 이례적인 일입니다.

41 percent very often use a cell phone , beeper , pager , computer or email during their nonwork hours , and a quarter do not take all their vacation time.
그보다 나쁜 경우로는 , 41퍼센트나 되는 근로자들이 근무시간 외에 휴대 전화나 삐삐 , 무선호출기 , 컴퓨터 , e-메일을 매우 빈번히 사용하고 있으며 25퍼센 트의 사람들이 자신에게 할당된 휴가 기간을 모두 찾아 쓰지 못하고 있습니다.

41 percent very often use a cell phone , beeper , pager , computer or email during their nonwork hours , and a quarter do not take all their vacation time.
그보다 나쁜 경우로는 , 41퍼센트나 되는 근로자들이 근무시간 외에 휴대 전화나 삐삐 , 무선호출기 , 컴퓨터 , e-메일을 매우 빈번히 사용하고 있으며 25퍼센트의 사람들이 자신에게 할당된 휴가 기간을 모두 찾아 쓰지 못하고 있습니다.

mahmoud abbas has been endorsed as the new president of the palestinian authority with the resounding landslide victory at the polls.
마흐무드 압바스 후보가 선거에서 압승을 거두며 새로운 팔레스타인 자치 정부 수반으로 선출되었습니다.

ozone is fairly harmless to people , but it hurts plants.
오존은 인간에게는 해독을 끼치지 않지만 , 식물에게는 해를 끼친다.

ozone depletion has been slowed and was expected to peak around the turn of the century , with an eventual recovery of the layer.
오존 파괴 진행 속도는 점차 느려졌고 , 2 , 000년대 초경에 그 절정을 이루었다가 결국은 회복될 것으로 전망됐습니다.

reduction of cavitation in a hot-water heating system using a variable-flow-rate balancing valve.
온수 난방시스템에서 가변유량 밸런싱밸브를 이용한 캐비테이션 발생 저감.

residents' responses to the government's norm change of public housing size.
국민주택 규모 기준변경에 대응한 거주자의 반응 연구.

outdoor environment and children play in early residential settlements : a historical analysis.
과거 주거지의 외부공간 특성과 아동 놀이행위.

susceptible to noise.
광역 패킷 교환망의 첫 번째 국제 표준은 x.25로 , 모든 회선이 아날로그일 때 정의되며 노이즈에 쉽게 영향을 받았습니다.

baggage.
수하물.

baggage.
하물.

disastrous urban hazard factors in the old built - up area.
기성 시가지의 재해 위험 요소.

confirm this report to this form.
이 리포트를 나의 양식과 일치시켜라.

somehow , i just do not think it'll work.
그게 잘 될 것 같지 않는데 무어.

somehow the suitcase with my clothes was misplaced.
신용 카드를 어디다 뒀는지 모르겠어요. 카드를 새로 발급 받을 수 있을까요 ?.

pants.
바지.

pants.
하의.

downside.
정말 불리할 것이 하나도 없어..

saute onions , garlic , green pepper and celery until onions are clear.
양파가 투명해질 때 까지 양파와 마늘 , 피망 , 그리고 셀러리를 튀겨라.

bananas used to be very expensive in korea , but nowadays they are a dime a dozen.
바나나가 전에는 한국에서 매우 비쌌지만 요즘은 매우 싸다.

roll the potato mixture into balls resembling small snowballs.
그녀에 대한 소문은 너무 부풀려져 있다.

roll loaf in bran or wheat germ.
롤빵안에 겨와 밀의 세균이 들어있다.

giants manager felipe alou agreed saying the loss took a little luster off bonds breaking aaron's nl record.
자이언츠의 매니저인 felipe alou는 , 그 패배는 bonds가 aaron의 내셔널 리그 기록을 깬 영예에 금이 가게 했다고 말하며 동의했다.

melt.
녹다.

melt.
녹이다.

melt.
누그러지다.

melt butter in small pan or microwaveable bowl and add rolled oats ; stir until all oats are coated with butter.
조그만 팬이나 전자레인지용 그릇에 버터를 녹인 다음 으깬 귀리(정제된 귀리)를 넣습니다. 그리고 귀리에 버터가 완전히 스며들 때까지 마구 저으세요.

melt butter in small pan or microwaveable bowl and add rolled oats ; stir until all oats are coated with butter.
조그만 팬이나 전자레인지용 그릇에 버터를 녹인 다음 으깬 귀리(정제된 귀리)를 넣습니다. 그리고 귀리에 버터가 완전히 스며들 때까지 마.

melt butter in small pan or microwaveable bowl and add rolled oats ; stir until all oats are coated with butter.
구 저으세요.

anyway , it seems it was in vain.
어쨋든 헛수고로 보여.

anyway , we are looking forward to trying.
어찌 됐던 저희는 이기려고 노력할 것입니다.

luxurious.
고급스럽다.

luxurious.
사치스럽다.

luxurious.
호사스럽다.

indeed , he feels antipathy for some of the provisions.
사실 그는 조항들의 몇몇 부분들에 대해 반감을 느끼고 있다.

indeed , beloved-of-the-gods is deeply pained by the killing , dying and deportation that take place when an unconquered country is conquered.
실제로 , 신을 사랑하는 사람은 살인 , 사망 , 그리고 정복되지 않은 나라가 정복됐을 때 일어나는 국외추방에 의해 심각하게 고통 받고 있습니 다.

bobby.
머리핀.

bobby.
틴에이저.

bobby.
머리에 핀을 꽂다.

ardent.
간절하다.

ardent.
열정적.

ardent.
절절하다.

romeo and his family are ardent supporters of the corinthians.
로미오와 그의 가족은 코린티안 축구팀의 열렬한 지지자이다.

voters turned out in extraordinary numbers for the election.
(예상 외로) 굉장히 많은 사람들이 투표에 참여했다.

throwing away trash is a bugger of a job.
쓰레기를 버리는 것은 귀찮은 일이다.

i' ll hold the boat steady while you climb in.
당신이 올라 탈 동안 내가 배를 꽉 붙잡고 있을께요.

i' m very concerned about the ethnocentric tone of this leaflet.
나는 이 전단지에 담긴 자기 민족 중심주의적 어조가 몹시 우려된다.

i' m too much of a cynic to believe that he' ll keep his promise.
그가 약속을 지킬 거라고 믿기에는 나는 너무 냉소적이다.

smitten.
아름다움에 혹하다.

smitten.
미모에 사로잡히다.

richard - actually i was too kind.
리차드 - 정말이지 나는 너무 친절해.

liquid.
액체.

wolves.
이리 떼.

wolves.
늑대의 밥이 되다.

settled.
기결의.

settled.
조정필.

monster.
괴물.

monster.
요괴.

monster.
괴수.

narrative.
서사적.

narrative.
창을 하다.

tub.
통.

tub.
목욕통.

tub.
말죽통.

calculate.
계산.

calculate.
정산.

calculate the average mark for each class.
학급 단위로 평균점을 내주시오.

aleutian.
알류샨 열도.

beads of sweat stood on his forehead.
그의 이마에 땀방울이 송글송글 맺혀 있었다.

mu.
뮤 중간자.

modification of the long-term repairment criteria in rental housings.
임대주택의 장기수선계획 기준보완.

w. aust..
웨스턴오스트레일리아주.

separately.
따로.

separately.
따로따로.

directions for efficient management and support of mechanized agriculture corps.
기계화연농단의 효율적인 관리 및 육성방양.

representation.
표상설.

representation.
거짓 진술.

representation.
비례대표제.

commence.
개시.

commence.
위시.

guidelines for establishing acceptable levels of benzopyrene , a component of coal tar responsible for malignant skin tumors will also be scrutinized.
악성종양의 원인이 되는 콜타르의 구성성분인 벤조피렌의 허용수준을 확립하는 지침 또한 정밀 조사될 예정이다.

schematic design study for the reconstruction of hongpa primary school.
서울 홍파초등학교 재건축 계획설계 연구 요약.

3-d frame analysis and design using refined plastic - hinge analysis accounting for local buckling.
국부좌굴을 고려하는 개선소성힌지해석을 이용한 3 차원 강뼈대 구조물 해석 및 설계.

archipelago.
군도.

archipelago.
열도.

archipelago.
제도.

bail.
보석금.

bail.
보석.

archimedes was born in 287 bc in syracuse in sicily , then a greek colony.
아르키메데스는 기원전 287년에 당시 그리스의 식민지인 시실리의 시라쿠스에서 태어났습니다.

archimedes went to alexandria in egypt , at that time the greatest centre of learning in the ancient world , and the city itself was founded by alexander the great half a century earlier that time.
아르키메데스는 그 당시에 고대 세계에 대해 배우는 가장 큰 중심이었던 이집트의 알렉산드리아로 갔고 , 그 도시 자체는 알렉산더 대왕에 의해 반세기 전에 설립되었습니다.

consequence.
결과.

consequence.
귀결.

consequence.
당연한 귀추로서.

acknowledged.
정평 있는.

acknowledged.
시인으로 인정 받다.

acknowledged.
권위자로 통하다.

practical vibration analysis for the floor of dwelling building.
공동주택 바닥판에 대한 실용적인 진동해석.

practical technique on mechanical design of indoor ice-rinks.
실내 빙상장의 설비 실무 기술.

lottery.
복권.

lottery.
추첨.

lottery.
복권 추첨.

marcus norland , washington international economic analyst , explained the two main reasons.
워싱턴의 국제경제 전문가인 , 마커스 노랜드씨는 2가지 이유를 설명하고 있다.

emerging from customary design for balcony space in apartment.
아파트 발코니공간의 설계관행 탈피방안 연구.

qualify.
자격을 부여하다.

qualify.
예선을 통과하다.

qualify.
회원 자격을 얻다.

nov..
오늘은 11월30일이에요..

anna , you know there are a lot of asian designers that are coming out now , gaining more and more recognition worldwide.
안나 씨 , 요즘 아시아 출신의 디자이너가 많이 등장해서 세계적으로 점차 알려지고 있는데요.

hobby.
취미.

hobby.
심심풀이로 꽃을 가꾸다.

hobby.
그의 취미는 정원가꾸기이다..

woods halved a hole with mark.
우즈가 마크와 같은 타수로 홀을 마쳤다.

practically.
실행상.

practically.
실천적으로.

corrupt our government is , ducat said.
" 폭력을 사용해 이 아이들을 인질로 잡은 것은 정말로 미안하지만 필리핀 사람들에게 정부가 얼마나 타락했는지를 깨달으라고 주위를 환기시켜야 했어요 ," 라고 두켓은 말했어요.

milestone.
이정표.

milestone.
마흔 고개를 넘다.

milestone.
거리표.

archegonium.
장란기.

reverend william read himself in back in the 70s.
윌리엄 목사님은 70년대에 목사직에 취임하셨다.

god's handiwork.
신의 피조물.

reign.
통치.

reign.
치민.

reign.
재위.

lavish.
아끼지 않다.

lavish.
헙헙하다.

lavish.
들고주다.

robert walked out of the mouse hole into the living room.
로버트는 쥐구멍을 나와서 거실로 들어갔어요.

robert heinlein , a well-known american science fiction writer , made his stories credible by explaining the nature of future societies in great detail.
미국의 유명한 공상 과학 소설 작가인 로버트 하인라인은 미래 사회의 특징을 아주 상세히 설명함으로써 자신의 이야기를 사람들이 믿게끔 했다.

christ / god almighty ! what the hell do you think you are doing ?.
하느님 맙소사 ! 너 도대체 뭐 하는 거니 ?.

seldom.
드물게.

seldom.
소식이 뜸하다.

seldom.
그는 재판에서 좀처럼 패하지 않았다..

corporal punishment of children is allowed within the home.
아이들에 대한 체벌은 집에서만 허락된다.

banish.
떨치다.

banish.
유형에 처하다.

furniture. clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it. (dee hock).
문제는 어떻게 새롭고 혁신적인 생각을 하느냐가 아니라 어떻게 오래된 생각을 비워내느냐 하는 것이다. 모든 사람의 머릿속은 케케묵은 가구로 가득찬 건.

furniture. clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it. (dee hock).
물과 같다. 한쪽 구석을 비워낸다면 창의성이 즉시 그 자리를 메울 것이다. (디 혹 , 성공명언).

computational analysis of the three - dimensional flow characteristics and performance of sirocco fan.
시로코홴의 3차원 유동 특성 및 성능에 대한 전산해석.

computational modelling method by using the dynamic characteristics of stone masonry arch bridges.
동적특성을 이용한 홍예교의 모델링방법 연구.

lama.
달라이라마.

lama.
라마.

lama.
야마.

popper used this same theory to argue that astrology , metaphysics , marxist history , and freudian psychoanalysis were not sciences , because there is no way they could ever be falsified.
포퍼는 점성술 , 형이상학 , 마르크스주의 역사관 , 그리고 프로이드의 정신분석을 틀렸다고 할 어떤 방법도 없기 때문에 과학이 아니라고 주장 하는데 이 같은 이론을 사용했습니다.

stake.
걸다.

stake.
지분.

stake.
말뚝.

slag based alkali active light weight mortar and concrete.
고로슬래그 기반 알칼리 활성 경량 모르타르 및 콘크리트.

probe data showed miniscule amounts , about a 10th of what was expected.
조사 자료는 기대했던 것의 1/10 정도로 미비한 양을 나타냈다.

cambodian.
캄보디아 사람.

adding groups that users are a member of.
사용자가 구성원인 그룹을 추가 중.

corporations maintain that they can no longer be expected to provide jobs for life in such a fast-changing global marketplace.
기업에서는 그토록 급변하는 세계 시장에서 자신들이 더 이상 평생 직장을 제공할 의무가 없다는 입장을 고수한다.

judge for yourself if an apology will help matters or only drudge up old wounds better left alone.
사과하는 것이 일을 도와주는지 혹은 놔두는 것이 나은 예전의 상처를 드러내기만 하는지 자신이 판단하세요.

meanwhile , my debts were mounting up.
그 사이에 내 빚은 계속 늘어나고 있었다.

torture of prisoners is a colonial legacy.
죄수들을 고문하는 것은 식민지시대의 잔재다.

sharply.
대폭.

sharply.
대폭적으로.

sharply.
날카롭게.

estimating direct sunlight reflection area of high-reflectance curtain wall buildings.
고반사 커튼월 건물의 직사일광 반사영역 산정.

gestures are often used to supplement the verbal message or as a kind of reinforcement.
제스처는 종종 말로 하는 메시지를 더 확실하게 하거나 보강하는데 사용됩니다.

gestures are nonverbal behaviors that translate words or phrases rather directly.
제스처라는 것은 말로 하지 않고 단어나 구를 다소 직접적으로 표현하는 행동입니다.

meaningful.
뜻깊다.

meaningful.
뜻있다.

meaningful.
뜻있는.

flood is practically an annual occurrence in this district.
이 지방에서는 홍수가 연중행사처럼 일어난다.

geologists exploring for natural gas in bolivia may have stumbled upon an ancient lost city containing billions of dollars worth of gold and precious stones.
볼리비아에서 천연 가스를 탐사하던 지질학자들은 수십억 달러의 가치를 지닌 금과 보석들을 가지고 있는 고대의 잃어버린 도시를 우연히 발견했다고 합 니다.

saudi arabia is the world's largest oil exporting country that is replete with modern airports , seaports and buildings.
사우디 아라비아는 현대적인 공항들과 항구들 그리고 빌딩들로 가득 찬 세계에서 가장 큰 석유수출국이다.

ar..
아람 말.

ar..
아라비아 어.

insect pollination is an important part of the pollination process.
수분을 하는 과정에 있어서 곤충을 통한 수분은 중요한 부분이다.

arachnids have two main body parts and eight walking legs while insects have three main body parts and six legs.
곤충이 세 부분으로 나뉘는 몸통과 여섯 개의 다리를 가지고 있는 반면. 거미류의 동물은 두 부분으로 나뉘는 몸통과 여덟 개의 다리를 가지고 있다.

pasture.
목초지.

pasture.
꼴을 먹이다.

pasture.
방목지.

arabian ; arabic.
아라비아의.

menswear is on the first floor.
남성복은 2층에 있다.

resist.
반발.

vipers are found all over the world except in australia.
독사는 오스트레일리아를 제외한 세계 전역에서 발견된다.

hide not your talents. they for use were made. what's a sundial in the shade. (benjamin franklin).
자신의 능력을 감추지 마라. 재능은 쓰라고 주어진 것이다. 그늘 속의 해시계가 무슨 소용이랴. (벤자민 프랭클린 , 자신감명언).

hide your black look and smile when you meet your enemy.
적을 만날 때 성난 얼굴을 숨기고 웃어라.

hide it lest he (should) see it.
그가 보면 안 되니 감추어라.

arab.
아랍.

arab.
아랍인.

arab.
아라비아말.

neighboring words help us to understand what a new word means.
이웃 단어들은 새 단어가 어떤 의미인지 이해하는데 도움을 준다.

advocates of independent labor unions like han and lee cheuk-yan believe chinese workers need to have access to legitimate representation.
한씨나 리축얀 씨와 같은 독립 노조 지지자들은 중국 노동자들이 합법적인 노조를 가질 필요가 있다고 생각합니다.

pakistan has repudiated any connection to the bombings that killed more than 180 people in mumbai (previously known as bombay) last tuesday.
인도는 , 최근 뭄바이에서 발생해 백80명 이상의 목숨을 앗아간 열차 폭탄 테러사건이 파키스탄과 관련된 회교 과격주의자들의 소행일지 모른다고 주장했 으며 , 파키스탄은 이번 폭탄 테러 사건과 아무 관련이 없다고 말했습니다.

pakistan has repudiated any connection to the bombings that killed more than 180 people in mumbai (previously known as bombay) last tuesday.
인도는 , 최근 뭄바이에서 발생해 백80명 이상의 목숨을 앗아간 열차 폭탄 테러사건이 파키스탄과 관련된 회교 과격주의자들의 소행일지 모 른다고 주장했으며 , 파키스탄은 이번 폭탄 테러 사건과 아무 관련이 없다고 말했습니다.

pakistan - a key u.s. ally in the war against terrorism that president bush will also visit this week including india.
파키스탄은 미국이 벌이는 테러와의 전쟁의 핵심우방으로 , 부쉬 대통령은 이번 주에 인도 외에 파키스탄도 방문합니다.

dramatic.
극적.

dramatic.
연극의.

dramatic.
희곡적.

qatar is the first arab country to host the asian games.
카타르는 아시안 게임을 개최하는 첫 아랍국가이다.

afro-arab countries in construction fields along with middle east boom.
중동건설붐에 뒤따른 아랍 아프리카의 현황.

boom.
둥덩.

boom.
호황.

boom.
붐.

melting.
용해.

melting.
용융.

wholly.
순전히.

wholly.
통짜로.

wholly.
온통.

theatrical.
연극조의.

aquiculture.
수경 재배.

aquiculture.
수경(법).

superheat.
고열을 발산하다.

superheat.
과열도.

superheat.
과열계.

vapor compression heat pump for air conditioning.
공조용 증기 압축식 열펌프.

binary source data must be a single-dimensioned array of unsigned char.
이진 원본 데이터는 부호 없는 문자 유형으로 된 일차원 배열이어야 합니다.

libra.
천칭자리.

libra.
천칭궁.

libra (september 23 - october 22) this is a lucky year for you !.
천칭자리 (9월 23일 ~ 10월 22일) 올해는 운수 좋은 한 해가 될 전망이다.

talents are bound to find luck sooner or later.
재능이 있으면 언젠가는 운도 따르게 마련이다.

daydreams can be something positive and negative.
공상은 정말 긍정적이 될수도 , 부정적이 될 수도 있다.

sue claimed her leg was hurt , but her motions belie her words.
sue는 다리를 다쳤다고 했지만 , 그녀의 움직임은 그녀의 말을 착각하게 만든다.

ur.
농축 우라늄.

aq..
왕수.

aq..
연당수.

totally successful.
페리 전 장관은 또 군사적 접근과 외교적 접근 방식은 둘 다 완전한 성공을 가져올 수 없을 것이라고 지적했습니다.

seamless.
솔기가 없는.

seamless.
이음매가 없는.

seamless.
심리스.

supermarket.
슈퍼마켓.

ruler.
지배자.

ruler.
자.

receipt.
영수증.

receipt.
접수.

receipt.
수령.

ginger gets rid of the typical stench of meat.
생강은 고기 특유의 노린내를 없애 준다.

pour in 1 cup of ginger ale.
1컵의 진저에일을 부어라.

pour the milk over and place the pan over moderate heat.
그 위에 우유를 붓고 중간 정도의 불에 팬을 올려놓으세요.

pour the chocolate into a heart-shaped mould.
하트 모양의 틀 속에 초콜릿을 부어라.

pour into clean freezer containers or sterile jars.
깨끗한 냉장고용 용기나 단지(병)에 부어라.

pour into small jars and let cool.
작은 병에 붓고 차갑게 해라.

romans had very advanced technology in producing concrete.
로마인들은 콘크리트를 만드는 데 매우 진보적인 기술을 갖고 있었다.

spa.
약물꾼.

spa.
주말을 온양 온천에서 지내다.

spa.
광천.

appurtenant.
부대 공사.

bake , basting occasionally with juices , until done.
가끔씩 육즙을 발라가면서 다 될 때까지 구워라.

bake until tops get pinkish-brown , about 8 minutes.
약 8분동안 겉표면이 분홍빛이 도는 갈색이 될때까지 익히세요.

boil tea leaves in 1/2 litre water for 5 minutes.
5분 동안 찻잎을 2분의1 리터 물에 끓이세요.

ms green has asked me to deputize for her at the meeting.
그린 씨가 제게 회의 때 자신을 대행해 달라고 했습니다.

woodland.
수풀.

woodland.
숲.

definition of world fair and chronicle statements.
세계 박람회의 의의와 연혁.

unequaled.
독보적.

unequaled.
다시없다.

unequaled.
무쌍하다.

transient state analysis of network connected to wind generation system.
풍력발전시스템이 연계된 계통의 과도상태해석.

builder.
시공사.

eighteen months ago however , all the trout died and the university has been having problems at the hatchery ever since.
그런데 18개월 전 모든 송어들이 폐사하고 , 그 이후 지금까지 대학은 부화장 문제로 골치를 앓아 왔습니다.

luke is a sullen and laconic young man whose.
" 하녀로 분장해라 " 라고 조는 짤막하게 써 넣었다.

luke shed his clothes onto the floor.
루크는 바닥에다 옷을 벗었다.

meantime , japan has issued a brief tsunami warning after an earthquake struck off its eastern coast.
한편 일본은 동쪽 해안 인근 해상에서 지진이 발생한 직후 긴급 쓰나미 경보를 발령했습니다.

specify.
명시하다.

specify.
명기하다.

specify.
항목화하다.

obtain.
받다.

obtain.
조달.

obtain.
구하다.

virgin white , it's what women wear on their wedding day , even if it's inappropriate.
순백색 , 이건 여자들이 결혼식 날에나 입는 색상이죠 , 설사 어울리지 않는다 해도 말이에요.

occasional exposure to secondhand smoke never killed anyone.
간접 흡연에 가끔 노출된 것으로는 아무도 죽은 적 없다.

comets are made of ice and dust.
혜성들은 얼음과 먼지로 만들어져 있다.

estrada was swept into office by the largest victory margin in the philippines' short history of democracy ; in a field of six , he won 40 percent of the votes.
에스트라다는 필리핀의 짧은 민주주의 역사 속에서 6명의 후보자가 난립한 가운데 40%의 득표율로 압승을 거두어 대통령에 당선되었었다.

orientation.
오리엔테이션.

orientation.
정위.

orientation.
오리엔테이션을 실시하다.

apprentice.
연습생.

apprentice.
실습생.

martha stewart got picked on for carrying a 6 , 500-dollar hermes bag to court.
마사 스튜어트는 법정에 6천 500달러짜리 에르메스 핸드백을 들고 나와 비난을 샀습니다.

martha graham , famous for ballet appalachian spring , is considered as one of the pioneers of modern dance who brought theater to modern dance in an art form.
발레 애팔래치아의 봄으로 유명한 마사 그레이엄은 극장을 예술 형태의 현대 무용으로 데리고 온 현대 무용의 선구자의 한 사람으로 여겨지고 있습니다.

employers can take advantage of wps to reduce the burden of wage increase.
고용주들은 임금 인상의 부담을 줄이기 위해 wps의 장점을 취할 수 있다.

m.
엠.

apprehensible.
알기쉽다.

confessed.
참회하여 죄를 용서받다.

confessed.
적나라하게 고백하다.

confessed.
순순히 자백하다.

neat.
깔끔하다.

neat.
단정하다.

neat.
아담하다.

follow the signposts to the superstore.
그 대형 슈퍼마켓까지는 표지판을 따라 가세요.

critic.
비평가.

critic.
평론가.

appraise.
감정.

appraise.
값(을) 보다.

blix appraised the offer of civil nuclear cooperation made by the major powers to tehran to resolve the situation.
블릭스씨는 주요 강대국들이 이란의 핵 문제 해결을 위해 이란에 제시된 민간용 핵 협상안을 높이 평가했습니다.

apposition.
동격.

apposition.
동격 명사.

lisa does not like cold drinks because she has a cold constitution.
리사는 냉한 체질이어서 찬 음료수를 싫어한다.

jesus is my closest friend on the voyage.
예수님은 여행길에서 나의 가장 가까운 친구이다.

jesus either was or was not the messiah.
예수님은 메시아이거나 메시아가 아니다.

suddenly , the world looks like a troubled , dangerous place again.
갑자기 세계는 다시 불안하고 위험한 곳처럼 보인다.

suddenly , my younger brother made a snatch at me.
내 어린 남동생을 갑자기 나에게 덤벼들었다.

suddenly , there was a knock at the dining room door.
갑자기 , 부엌 문을 두드리는 소리가 났다.

appointive.
임명권자.

appointive.
매관매직.

mockery.
조롱.

mockery.
들놀리다.

(to property) ; an inheritor.
유산 상속인 an heir.

interim haitian prime minister gerard latortue blamed deforestation for the flooding.
제랄드 라토르튀 하이티 임시 총리는 이번 홍수의 주범이 산림파괴라고 지적했다.

ambassadors and plenipotentiaries bowed low as the emperor and empress entered.
황제와 황비가 들어오자 대사 및 전권대사들이 몸을 굽혀 절을 했다.

tutor.
가정교사.

tutor.
개인 교수를 하다.

subscription.
구독.

subscription.
청약.

subscription.
구독료.

antiseptic is used to sterilize the skin before giving an injection.
방부제는 주사를 놓기 전에 피부를 소독하는 데에 쓰인다.

antiseptic agent is used to sterilize the skin before giving an injection.
방부제는 주사를 놓기 전에 피부를 소독하는 데에 쓰인다.

wound.
상처.

wound.
부상을 입히다.

wound.
남에게 상처를 입히다.

residence in kathmandu.
유엔 정치부의 사무엘 선임자문관은 카트만두의 총리 관저에서 오늘 화요일 코이랄라 총리와 만났습니다.

enhancement of forced convection heat transfer from protruding heated blocks in a rectangular channel by means of a turbulence promoter.
난류촉진체에 의한 장방형덕트내의 발열블럭으로 부터의 강제대류 열전달 촉진.

controllers , but not windows 2000 domain controllers.
기능 수준이 windows .net 임시(버전 2002)로 설정된 포리스트에서는 windows .net 및 windows nt 4 도메인 컨트롤러를 지원하나.

controllers , but not windows 2000 domain controllers.
windows 2000 도메인 컨트롤러를 지원하지 않습니다.

gender roles are often conditioned by cultural factors.
성 역할은 흔히 문화적 요소들에 의해 좌우된다.

customs searches at airports are going to be streamlined.
공항의 세관 검색이 간소화될 것이다.

fees are calculated on a sliding scale according to income.
요금은 소득에 따라 차등제로 계산된다.

anywhere.
아무 데.

anywhere.
어디까지나.

hostile feelings and violent responses often seem to be sublimated into sporting activities.
적대적 감정과 폭력적 반응이 스포츠 활동으로 승화된 듯이 보이는 경우가 많다.

sour.
떫다.

sour.
새콤하다.

nader says he's not backing down from his newest white house bid and he urged democrats to applaud the move.
네이더 후보는 이번 대선에서는 중도 포기하지 않을 것이라고 말하면서 , 민주당은 자신의 출마에 박수를 보내야 한다고 주장했습니다.

zhu denounced the widespread corruption within the chinese bureaucracy and promised to suppress internal dissent.
주룽지 총리는 중국 관료체제 내에 만연한 부패를 비판하는 한편 , 국내 불만세력을 단속하겠다고 약속했습니다.

appetizing.
먹음직스럽다.

appetizing.
소담스럽다.

appetizing.
맛있다.

cheese.
치즈.

cheese.
건락.

cheese.
치즈를 가공하다.

olives turn from green to black as they ripen.
올리브는 익어가면 초록색에서 검은색으로 변한다.

notice.
통보.

notice.
예고.

appendectomy.
맹장수술.

appendectomy.
맹장염 수술.

appendectomy.
충수염 수술.

remove the polluted sediments from the beaker.
그 비커에서 오염된 침전물을 버려라.

remove the thickest unproductive branches , especially if they congest the centre of the bush.
가장 두껍고 생산성이 낮은 가지들을 제거해라. 특히 그 가지들이 관목의 중앙부를 막고 있다면.

remove from the fire and cool.
불을 끄고 , 식히세요.

remove from heat , let bubbles subside.
열을 빼서 거품을 가라앉게해라.

remove strata from refrigerator 45 minutes before baking.
지역의 특성에 따라 지층이 다르게 형성된다.

remove quiche from oven and let stand for 10 minutes.
오븐에서 키시를 꺼내고 10분동안 가만히 두어라.

tomography.
단층촬영.

tomography.
단층 촬영.

anesthetic.
마취제.

anesthetic.
마비약.

there' s some wonderful calligraphy in these old manuscripts.
이 옛 필사본에는 멋진 필적이 있다.

output.
출력.

output.
프린트.

output.
산출량.

mccain told cbs television that he was skeptical about the proposed treaty , which he said would benefit russia more than the united states.
매케인 의원은 9일 cbs-tv 방송에 출연해 현재 제안된 미국과 러시아간 핵협력 협정에 대해 의구심을 제기하면서 이는 미국 보다는 러시아에 더 많은 혜택 을 주게될 것이라고 말했습니다.

mccain told cbs television that he was skeptical about the proposed treaty , which he said would benefit russia more than the united states.
매케인 의원은 9일 cbs-tv 방송에 출연해 현재 제안된 미국과 러시아간 핵협력 협정에 대해 의구심을 제기하면서 이는 미국 보다는 러시아 에 더 많은 혜택을 주게될 것이라고 말했습니다.

cranial.
두개의.

cranial.
뇌신경.

cranial.
두개 지수.

cranial nerves / injuries.
뇌신경/두개골 부상.

nazism , appearing under the mask of german nationalism , openly attempted to subjugate the world.
독일 애국주의의 가면 아래 등장한 나치즘은 세계를 정복하려고 공공연하게 시도했다.

solemn.
엄숙하다.

solemn.
숙연하다.

styling is concerned with surface treatment and appearance , the expressive qualities of a product.
스타일링은 표면 처리와 외양 , 제품의 표현적 특성과 관계있다.

mail.
보내다.

mail.
우편.

mail.
우송.

sadly , we watched the dissolution of the patient's courage.
애석하게도 , 우리는 환자가 용기를 잃어가는 것을 지켜보았다.

julia moreno plays the lachrymose heroine of the film.
줄리아 모레노는 그 영화에서 눈물을 자아내는 여주인공 역을 연기한다.

pelican.
펠리컨.

pelican.
사다새.

pelican.
누름단추식 횡단보도.

portugal.
포르투갈.

portugal has lodged a complaint with the international court of justice.
포르투갈이 국제사법재판소에 소송을 제기했다.

panic is extremely rare ; much more common is silence and docility.
공황상태는 매우 드물다 ; 그보다 더 일반적으로 침묵과 순응이다.

sarah gibson of cambridge university in england says they are probably the result of twisted solar magnetic fields.
잉글랜드에 있는 케임브리지 대학교의 새라 깁슨 교수는 이것이 태양의 뒤틀린 자기장 때문에 생긴 것일지도 모른다고 말합니다.

phobia.
대인 기피증.

phobia.
공포증.

adoption of japanese standards would choke out the market for u.s. and european-made television sets in the world's fifth-most populous nation.
일본 표준방식의 채택이 세계에서 5번째로 인구가 많은 국가에서의 미국과 유럽에서 만들어진 tv의 판매를 성장을 저해하고 있습니다.

couture.
양장점.

couture.
고급 양장점.

breathable , waterproof clothing is essential for most outdoor sports.
대부분의 실외 스포츠 활동을 위해서는 통기성이 있고 방수가 되는 옷감이 필수적이다.

anchorage.
앵커리지.

anchorage.
정박세.

anchorage.
투묘.

detection.
탐지.

detection.
검출.

firefighters needed breathing apparatus to enter the burning house.
소방관들이 불타고 있는 그 집에 들어가기 위해서는 산소 호흡기가 필요했다.

two-phase two-component loop thermosyphon with nanofluid.
나노유체를 이용한 2상유동 2성분 루프형 열사이폰.

sexism.
남녀 차별.

sexism.
성차별.

sexism is deeply entrenched in our society.
성차별이 우리 사회에 깊이 자리 잡고 있다.

tolerable.
무난히.

tolerable.
저만저만하다.

shirley is near and dear to me.
셜리는 내게 소중하다.

prescribed.
소정의.

prescribed.
일정한 서식.

prescribed.
소정의 양식.

aberrant.
무궤도.

aberrant.
엄발나다.

christianity is the most lenient of all.
그리스도는 모든것 중 가장 관대하다.

apostatize.
배교자가 되다.

apology.
사과.

apology.
사죄.

apology.
동이 닿지 않는 변명.

lacking.
몰-.

lacking.
무-.

lacking anything better , use what you have.
더 좋은 것이 없거든 지금 가진 것을 써라.

ah , okay , it has changed. it used to be just 'warner at dataworld dot com , 'without the d.
아 , 주소가 바뀌었네요. 전에는 d 없이 그냥 warner@dataworld.com이었거든요.

apodosis.
결구.

apodosis.
낙구.

apodosis.
끝구.

indians fish from dugouts in the lake.
인디언들은 나무 속을 파내 만든 카누를 타고 호수에서 고기를 잡는다.

apoc..
경외 성경.

apoc..
구약외전.

apoc..
묵시록.

apoc..
요한 계시록.

advances in technology pose new security challenges_ for companies that rely on intellectual property.
기술 발전은 지적 재산권에 의존하는 회사들에게 새로운 보안 문제를 제기하고 있다.

advances in science and technology have brought us many benefits.
과학과 기술의 발전은 우리들에게 많은 이점을 안겨 주었다.

revelation.
계시.

conversely.
풍월을 벗 삼다.

conversely.
삼삼오오 이야기하며 가다.

conversely.
환위 명제.

vigilant.
탐탐.

rosalind dillon-lee is a war widow.
로슬린 딜런 리 씨는 전쟁미망인이다.

aplasticanemia.
재생 불량성 빈혈.

piccadilly is an area between hyde park corner and haymarket in london.
피카딜리는 런던의 하이드 팍 코너와 헤이마켓 사이에 있는 지역이다.

aphtha.
아구창.

aphtha.
아프타.

ginseng is prescribed alone or in combination with other herbs to treat chronic fatigue , anemia , gastritis , bronchitis , asthma and many other ailments.
인삼은 만성피로 , 빈혈 , 위염 , 기관지염 , 천식 , 그리고 많은 다른 가벼운 병을 치료하기 위해 단독으로 처방을 하거나 다른 약초와 섞어 처방하기도 한다.

aphorism.
경구.

aphorism.
격언.

aphorism.
아포리즘.

benjamin franklin also contributed to peace with england after the country won their independence.
벤자민 플랭클린는 또한 미국이 독립을 쟁취한 후에 영국과의 평화를 이끌어 내는데 기여하였다.

aphonia.
실성증.

aphonia.
무성음증.

parasitic.
식객.

parasitic.
기생 전류.

parasitic.
기생식물.

aphelion is the point on its orbit when the earth is farthest from the sun.
원일점은 지구가 태양으로부터 가장 멀리 떨어지는 때의 괘도 위의 지점이다.

aphasia is a disorder that robs you of the ability to communicate.
실어증은 당신에게 있어서 말 할 수 있는 능력을 도둑맞는 것과 같은 병이다.

progressive.
진보적.

progressive.
진행형.

progressive.
일취월장의.

otherwise.
그렇지 않으면.

otherwise.
불연하면.

ape.
원숭이.

ape.
흉내를 내다.

ape.
모뜨다.

evolutionists say that man is a highly evolved ape-like creature.
진화론자들은 사람이 매우 발달한 유인원과 닮은 생물체라고 말한다.

apathy , this time , will be very costly.
이번 무관심의 댓가는 매우 클 것이다.

landlords retain all the gains they make through refinancing.
임대주들은 차환으로 부터 번 돈을 모두 보유 하고있다.

downstairs guests are those who wander about a hotel's public spaces , dine in the hotel's restaurants and use the concierge service.
아래층 손님은 호텔의 대중 시설을 이용하며 , 호텔 레스토랑에서 식사를 하고 , 호텔 직원의 서비스를 이용하는 손님이다.

nelson , did you write this press release on cathy's hiring ?.
넬슨 씨 , 신문에 낼 캐시 취업 광고 카피를 당신이 썼나요 ?.

linux wins accolades for its versatility and its stability , but generates passion by its ideology : a no-cost distribution model and accessible " source code ".
linux는 다양한 기능과 안정성으로 갈채를 받고 있으나 비용이 따로 들지 않는 보급형 모델에 'source code' 를 장착했다는 점에서 강력한 반발을 불러 일으키고 있다.

aorist.
부정과거.

warner bros.
워너 브라더스.

pardon me ma'am , is there a smoking lounge in this building ? '.
실례합니다 , 이 건물에 흡연 장소가 있나요 ?.

anyways.
다음 타자 누구니 ?.

anyways.
어쨌든 그렇게 하겠습니다..

anyways.
그나저나.

anyways , the blood sucking demons are still around.
어쨌든 , 피를 빨아먹는 악마가 여전히 우리 주위에 있습니다.

anyways , the fools started a spending spree across the city.
어쨌든 바보들은 도시 전역으로 돈을 물 쓰듯 썼다.

anyways , because of the big changes in the temperature , i caught a bad cold.
어쨌든 , 온도의 큰 변화 때문에 , 나는 심한 감기에 걸렸어.

fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
무식하면 용감하다.

lately , many public companies have held back making new investments because of shareholder demands for short-term profits.
최근 많은 공기업들은 주주들의 단기 차익 요구에 밀려 신규 투자를 자제해 왔다.

noon.
정오.

noon is not good. i have business lunch.
정오는 안 되겠군요. 업무상 점심 약속이 있어서요.

bag it ! i can not stand it anymore !.
그만 해 ! 더 이상 참을 수가 없어 !.

silent and serene , they appear locked in melancholic thought.
말이 없고 조용한 , 그들은 우울한 생각에 잠긴 것 같다.

breathe deeply and you will be okay.
숨을 크게 들이쉬면 괜찮아질 겁니다.

teach a dog to sit up and beg.
개에게 앉아서 앞발을 드는 것을 가르치다.

disuse.
불용.

disuse.
폐용.

millionaires are now a dime a dozen.
백만장자들은 이제 쌔고 쌨다.

lest one think that the women who agree to such conditions resent it , many say they are quite happy.
이러한 조건들에 동의하는 여성들이 이를 부당하게 여길 것이라고 생각하는 사람을 위해 밝혀 두자면 , 이들 대부분은 아주 행복하다고 한다.

underworld.
암흑가.

underworld.
염라대왕.

hieroglyphic.
상형 문자.

hieroglyphic.
상형문자.

hieroglyphic.
고대 이집트의 상형문자를 해독하다.

biting nails is a bad habit.
손톱을 물어 뜯는 것은 나쁜 습관이다.

hamlet is the son of a king , and a prince.
헬멧은 왕의 아들이고 왕자이다.

hamlet is one of shakespeare's most difficult plays to comprehend.
햄릿은 셰익스피어의 가장 이해하기 어려운 연극중 하나다.

othello.
(연극에서) 오셀로가 되다.

othello.
의처증.

antitrust.
트러스트 금지법.

antitrust.
독점 금지법에 저촉되다.

antitrust.
독점 금지법 찬성론자.

antitrust is based on the idea that competition has a beneficial result on free markets , and should be encouraged.
독점 금지는 경쟁이 자유 시장에 이로운 결과를 가져오기 때문에 권장되어야 한다는 사고에 기반한다.

revision.
개정.

antitheft devices are becoming increasingly more sophisticated.
도난 방지 장치는 점점 더 정교해지고 있다.

antisubmarine.
대잠.

antisubmarine.
잠항정 방어망.

antisubmarine.
대잠수함 작전.

psychopathy.
정신질환.

psychopathy.
정신병.

psychopathy.
정신병학.

smokers and nonsmokers are paired up as roommates.
간접 흡연은 단순히 흡연 만큼이나 건강에 해로울 수 있으며 식당이나 술집의 흡연 및 금연 구역을 따로 설정하는 것도 별다른 도움이 되지 않은 것으로 새로운 의학 연구 보고서가 밝혔습니다.

ward was born in seoul in 1976 to a black american serviceman and to a korean mother.
워드는1976년 서울에서 흑인 주한 미군인 아버지와 한국인 어머니 사이에서 태어났다.

antislavery.
노예 제도 반대의.

antislavery.
노예 폐지론.

antislavery.
노예 폐지 운동.

dressing alike is a refuge , a way of hiding in the group.
비슷하게 옷을 입는 것은 도피이며 무리 속으로 숨어들어가는 방법 중 하나이다.

antiscorbutic.
항괴혈병제.

cannabis grows wild in many places.
대마초(마리화나)는 여러 곳에서 야생으로 자란다.

cannabis sativa is the latin name of marijuana.
cannabis sativa는 마리화나의 라틴 이름이다.

piano prodigy amos has always been different.
피아노 신동인 아모스는 항상 남달랐다.

banking transactions made on unsecured websites can lead to leaking of credit card details.
안전이 보장되지 않은 웹사이트에서 만들어진 은행거래는 신용카드내역의 유출을 초래할 수 있습니다.

acquired.
후천적.

acquired.
후천성의.

acquired.
기득의.

antipodal.
대척적.

cynicism.
냉소주의.

cynicism.
견유주의.

cynicism.
시니시즘.

lipoprotein.
지단백질.

compound.
혼화.

compound.
합성어.

compound.
화합물.

amm.
요격미사일.

nancy told me you are thinking about quitting.
낸시가 그러는데 그만둘 생각이시라면서요.

nancy boswell , of the watchdog group transparency international , says that's just the tip of the iceberg.
부패 감시 단체인 국제투명성기구의 낸시 보스웰 씨는 이것이 빙산의 일각에 불과하다고 말합니다.

allergy professionals offer the following advice : - use allergy medications early.
다음은 알레르기 전문가들이 조언하는 알레르기 질환 예방법이다.

oral.
구두의.

oral.
구강의.

oral.
구술의.

fluids , as a major ingredient in the glue.
닉 박사와 그의 연구팀은 이 접착제의 주된 성분으로 알부민을 이용하였는데 , 이것은 우유나 달걀 , 근육 , 혈액 , 그 밖의 많은 식물 조직과 수 분에서 발견되는 수용성 단백질이다.

aloe can be grown both indoors and outdoors.
알로에는 실내와 야외 모두에서 재배할 수 있다.

teenage sexual activity has been rising steadily for more than two decades until now.
10대 성생활은 지금까지 20년 이상 꾸준히 증가하고 있다.

bottle.
병.

bottle.
술병.

bottle.
병조림하다.

nerve cells have limited ability to regenerate if destroyed.
미국 샌프란시스코 ybg 재생지역의 고령친화 디자인 특성.

al merrill of georgia tech says that soy is known to suppress cancer.
조지아 공대의 알 메릴 교수는 콩이 암을 억제하는 것으로 알려져 있다고 말한다.

anticline.
배사.

anticline.
배사 구조.

travelling in a southerly direction.
남쪽 방향으로 이동하는.

travelling in europe was something of an anticlimax after the years he'd spent in africa.
그가 아프리카에서 그렇게 여러 해를 보내고 난 뒤에 유럽 여행을 하니 좀 김이 빠졌다.

africa , asia and europe.
지난주말 멕시코와의 국경지대에서 담장 건설 작업에 나선 케잘 도티씨는 아프리카와 아시아 , 유럽 등지의 미국 영사관에서 근무한 전직 공무원입니다.

possibly , they might find some clue.
그들은 단서를 찾을수 있을 겁니다.

eager readers lined up for hours to get the final book , and to find out the answers they have waited long to learn inside the thick hardcover book - will harry kill evil lord voldemort , or die in the attempt ?.
이 책이 나오길 열망해오던 독자들은 완결편을 구입해서 두꺼운 표지 안에서 그들이 오랜 시간 동안 알고 싶어했던 내용들- 해리포터가 악마 볼데모르트를 죽이는 가 아니면 , 그것을 시도하다가 자신이 죽게 되는가 ?.

lettuce.
상추.

lettuce.
양상추.

lettuce.
상추동.

providing.
가스는 언제부터 넣어 주나요 ?.

salts called electrolytes transfer the electrical signals responsible for muscle contractions and nerve impulses between cells.
전해물질로 알려진 염제는 근육 수축과 신경 자극을 담당하고 있는 전기 신호를 세포에서 세포로 전달한다.

antiballistic.
탄도탄 요격 미사일.

antiballistic.
미사일 요격 미사일.

cerumen does have a waxy texture.
귀지는 밀랍 같은 질감을 가집니다.

eliminating stress can lead to better overall health , and contribute to a thick healthy mane.
스트레스를 푸는 것은 더 나은 전체적인 건강으로 이어지고 , 두꺼운 머리털에 기여할 수 있습니다.

abundance.
지천.

abundance.
풍요.

abundance.
충만.

anthropology has been described as the study of human behavior in all places and at all times.
인류학은 시간과 장소를 불문한 인류의 행동에 관한 학문으로서 묘사되어진다.

mayan hieroglyphs are difficult to decode.
마야의 상형문자는 해독하기가 어렵다.

subsequent.
그 이후에 생긴 일.

subsequent.
요금 후납.

subsequent.
전득.

chimpanzees have very long arms and a short body.
침팬지들은 긴 팔과 작은 몸을 가지고 있다.

anthrax.
탄저.

anthrax.
탄저열.

lignite.
아탄.

anthony , why are you so tired ? are you sick ?.
앤소니 , 왜 그렇게 피곤해 보이니 ? 어디가 아픈 거니 ?.

anthony barris is a staff writer for investment advice monthly.
앤소니 배리스는 인베스트먼트 어드바이스 먼슬리지의 전속 필자이다.

prospects of occupational manpower conditions and their policy implications (written in korean).
직종별 인력수급전망과 대책.

prospects and simulation model of chinese cabbage under open market.
시장개방하의 배추 수급모형과 전망.

marc appeared through a door at the far end of the room.
마르크가 방 저 쪽 끝에 있는 문으로 나타났다.

marc van roosmalen said the giant peccary has longer legs and its fur markings are completely different.
마크 팬 루즈말렌은 이 큰 페커리는 더 긴 다리를 가지고 있고 그것의 털 무늬도 완전히 다르다고 말했어요.

marc klein jewelers has specialized in jewelry making for over 50 years and has an in-house diamond expert.
마크 클라인 쥬얼러스는 50년 넘게 보석 제작을 전문으로 해 왔으며 , 내부적으로 다이아몬드 전문가도 고용하고 있습니다.

unison.
화동.

unison.
협심하여.

posterior to the year 2002 , korean soccer team became famous around the world.
2002년 이후에 한국 축구팀은 국제적으로 유명해졌다.

cruciate.
십자의.

connects to other computers , internet telnet sites , bulletin board systems , online services , and host computers using either a modem or a null-modem cable.
모뎀이나 널 모뎀 케이블을 사용하여 다른 컴퓨터 , 인터넷 텔넷 사이트 , bbs , 온라인 서비스 및 호스트 컴퓨터에 연결할 수 있습니다.

steer.
몰다.

steer.
키를 잡다.

steer.
타기를 조종하다.

broadcast.
방송.

broadcast.
중계.

broadcast.
널리 반포하다.

hyena.
하이에나.

swallow it down in one gulp.
한 번에 꿀꺽 삼켜라.

antedate.
앞선 날짜로 하다.

predatory lenders prey on those who have a low-level of education.
악덕 고리업자들은 교육 수준이 낮은 사람들을 먹잇감으로 삼는다.

crunch.
아작아작 먹다.

crunch.
바삭거리다.

crunch.
바스락거리다.

thanks. i have a ton of shirts i really need to get done.
고마워요. 세탁할 셔츠들이 산더미 같거든요.

thanks. did carter leave a number ?.
고마워요. 카터 씨가 전화 번호 남겼어요 ?.

brent surpassed its previous post-war high of $21 as tension started to mount in the middle east this week.
브렌트 원유는 이번 주에 중동 지역의 긴장감이 고조되기 시작하면서 걸프전 전후 최고 가격 21달러를 넘어선 것이다.

adventurer.
모험가.

adventurer.
투기사.

calcium is found most abundantly in milk.
칼슘은 우유에서 가장 풍부하게 발견된다.

calcium inside of the cytoplasm is sequestered inside specialized storage depots and the process ends.
세포질 안에 있는 칼슘은 특수 저장소 안에 격리되고 그 과정은 끝이 납니다.

cow.
암소.

cow.
사람의 기를 지지르다.

weaken.
쇠약하게 하다.

weaken.
약체화하다.

weaken.
약하게 하다.

hey , i do not want this flat beer !.
야 , 난 이런 김빠진 맥주는 필요없어.

hey , are you worried because you burp too often ?.
여러분 , 트림을 너무 자주해서 걱정되나요 ?.

hey , throw in another french fry , will you ?.
이봐요. 감자튀김 하나 더 주세요.

hey , teach me some vietnamese words after you learn them from sora !.
야 , 소라에게 베트남어를 배우고 나면 나에게도 알려줘 !.

hey bird lovers , do you want to invite the birds of your backyard into your living room !.
새를 좋아하시는 여러분 , 뒤뜰에 있는 새를 거실에서 감상하고 싶으시겠죠 !.

crumble half the tofu over potatoes , then half the onion and cheese.
그 위에 으깬 두부의 절반 정도를 펼쳐놓은 후 양파와 치즈 절반을 그 위에 얹는다.

allocate.
배정.

sorry. we are missing something. i have been everywhere but nobody has any charcoal.
미안한데 , 빠진 게 있어요. 여기저기 다 찾아봤는데 숯이 없어요.

ansi-41/win - segmentation and reassembly.
imt2000 3gpp2 - 분할 및 재결합.

anoxia.
산소 결핍.

anoxia.
산소 결핍증을 일으키다.

diffusion.
확산.

diffusion.
전파.

diffusion.
방산.

diffusion is a type of cultural change.
확산은 문화적인 변화의 한 형태이다.

rough.
거칠다.

uncover the pan and let the soup simmer.
냄비 뚜껑을 열고 수프가 부글부글 끓게 두어라.

uncover and add rest of bok choy.
뚜껑을 열고 청경채 남은 것을 넣어라.

anosmia.
무후각(증).

bulimia.
과식증.

bulimia.
다식증.

bulimia.
대식증.

compulsive gamblers are more to be pitied than condemned.
강박적인 도박꾼들은 비난보다는 동정을 받아야 한다.

anorak.
아노락.

alcoholics tend to get zinc deficiencies because zinc is needed to metabolize the alcohol.
알코올을 대사시키는 데 아연이 필요하기 때문에 알코올중독자들은 아연 결핍에 걸리는 경향이 있습니다.

matt collapsed into giggles and hung up the phone.
매트가 참지 못하고 킥킥거리며 전화를 끊었다.

matt sits dejectedly in the same place as before.
매트는 그 전과 같은 장소에 힘없이 앉는다.

matt tungpanich , president of the council of architects of thailand and chairman of the tsunami memorial contest , stated the winner.
맷 트 퉁파니치 태국 건축 협회 회장이자 쓰나미 기념 공모전 위원회 위원장이 최종 승자를 발표했습니다.

congressman john murtha says he was told that it started when a roadside bomb killed a u.s. marine.
머사 의원은 이 사건이 도로변 폭발로 미 해병대원 한명이 사망하면서 시작됐다는 얘기를 들었다고 말했습니다.

anomaly.
변칙.

anomaly.
변체.

anomaly.
변격.

taxation.
과세.

taxation.
조세.

taxation.
부세.

seeming.
표면의.

seeming.
영절스럽다.

blanket.
이불.

blanket.
모포.

annulus.
체환.

uniform resource locator (url).
자원 위치 표시자 표준.

annular.
금환식.

annular.
환상인대.

upward.
상향의.

upward.
윗-.

upward.
위를 보다.

annul.
폐하다.

nepal's government and maoist rebels have started peace talks aimed at ending a decade-old insurgency.
네팔에서 정부와 마오쩌둥 주의 반군측 협상 대표들이 십 여년째 계속되고 있는 폭동을 종식시키기 위한 평화 회담을 시작했습니다.

carcinoma.
암.

reserch of fixed and movable traffic signal inspector system.
고정.이동이 가능한 교통감지 시스템의 개발.

turnover.
넘기다.

turnover.
넘겨주다.

bee farmers house bees in hives.
양봉가들은 벌집 속에 벌들을 넣어둔다.

annoy.
성가시게 굴다.

annoy.
건드리다.

annoy.
지근거리다.

jane's too mealy-mouthed to tell frank she dislikes him. she just avoids him.
제인은 완곡하게 말할 뿐 , 프랭크에게 확실하게 싫다고는 말하지 못한다. 그녀는 그를 피하고 있을 뿐이다.

kbs and ebs are both putting out wonderful and catchy documentaries.
kbs와 ebs도 멋지고 매력적인 다큐멘터리를 방영했습니다.

yearbook.
연감.

yearbook.
졸업 앨범.

commentator.
해설자.

commentator.
시사평론가.

commentator.
논객.

annotated editions of shakespeare's plays help readers to understand old words.
셰익스피어 극의 주석본은 독자들이 옛 고어를 이해할 수 있게 해준다.

agriculture canada , the government department responsible for agriculture , will use the information to create new varieties of apples that maximize the health benefits to consumers.
농업 부문을 담당하고 있는 정부 부서인 캐나다 농업부는 이 정보를 이용하여 소비자들의 건강에 가장 좋은 새로운 사과 품종을 개발할 계획 입니다.

agriculture allowed far larger population densities.
경작은 훨씬 더 많은 인구가 밀집되어 살 수 있게 했다.

diary.
일기.

diary.
일기장.

diary.
일기를 쓰다.

25th.
올메르트총리는 지난달 25일에 납치된 19세난 사병의 석방을 구하기 위해 이스라엘정부가 어떠한 협상도 벌이지 않을 것이라고 말했습니다.

revenge leads to a self-perpetuating cycle of violence.
복수는 저절로 계속되는 폭력의 순환으로 이어진다.

annie and grace breath a sigh of relief.
annie와 grace는 안도의 한 숨을 내쉬었다.

sigh.
차탄.

sigh.
한숨.

sigh.
탄식.

imt-2000 3gpp-technical realization of facsimile group 3 service - transparent(r5).
imt-2000 3gpp-g3 팩스 서비스(transparent)의 기술적 구현.

p , p.
푼.

n ? s rejected the idea that beings can be ranked according to their relative value.
네스는 존재가 상대적 가치에 의해 계급 지워지는 사상을 거부했다.

n sync held a concert at the urgent request of a girl with cancer.
암에 투병하고 있는 소녀의 간청에 의해 'n sync의 콘서트가 열렸다.

joining us now is john marriot , chairman of the critics' circle , here in london.
이곳 런던에 , 비평가협회 회장이신 존 메리어트 씨가 자리를 함께 했습니다.

steadfast.
굳세다.

steadfast.
철석같다.

claudia sanders was colonel sander's (of kentucky fried chicken) wife.
짐 샌더스와 연락할 무슨 방법이 있나요 ?.

mike and stubby were camping near a woods.
마이크와 스터비는 숲 근처에서 캠핑을 하고 있었다.

mike must have bought the car for show.
마이크는 과시하기 위해 차를 산 게 틀림없어.

ann did her dissertation on baudelaire.
앤은 보들레르에 관해 논문을 썼다.

ann tried to explain the situation tactfully to jack , but in the end , he was none the wiser.
앤은 잭에게 그 상황을 잘 설명하려 했으나 , 결국 그는 이전과 똑같이 이해하지 못했다.

ann trod on someone's toes in the heat of campaign and lost the election.
앤은 지난번 선거운동이 한창인 때 분노를 사서 낙선했다.

amnesty said more than five-thousand people were sentenced to death in 53 countries last year.
대사는 지난 해 53개국에서 5천명이 넘는 사람들이 사형 선고를 받았다고 전했습니다.

amnesty says the guidelines remain unclear , making operation difficult.
엠네스티 인터내셔널은 중국의 지침들은 여전히 분명하지 않아 시행을 어렵게 만들고 있다고 지적했습니다.

amnesty international also cautioned that technology now being used to censor the internet in china could be exported abroad.
앰네스티 인터내셔널은 또한 현재 중국에서 인터넷 검열에 이용되고 있는 통제기술이 해외에 수출될 수도 있을 것이라고 경고했습니다. ?.

amnesty international says human rights also are in danger in colombia , afghanistan , iran , uzbekistan and north korea.
국제사면위원회는 콜럼비아 , 아프가니스타 , 이란 , 우즈베키스탄 , 북한에서는 인권이 위험에 처해 있다고 말했습니다.

amnesty has called on the companies to publicly resist government censorship efforts and to lobby for the release of imprisoned cyber-dissidents.
앰네스티는 인터넷 회사들이 공공연히 정부의 검열 노력에 저항하고 , 구속된 사이버 반체제 인사들의 석방을 위해 청원 운동을 벌이라고 촉 구했습니다.

swelling (edema) , particularly around your eyes or in your ankles and feet.
특히 눈이나 발목 , 다리주위에 있는 부기(부종).

ankara.
앙카라.

(ankara) political uncertainty has taken its toll on turkey's attempts at economic stabilization.
(앙카라) 경제 안정을 도모하려는 터키 정부의 노력은 정치적 불안으로 인해 완전한 결실을 거두지 못했다.

quote this reference number in all correspondence.
모든 통신문에 이 참조 번호를 인용하세요.

constipation.
변비.

constipation.
대변불통.

constipation.
만성 변비.

animism.
애니미즘.

animism.
정령설.

animism.
물활론.

beowulf has the reputation of being invincible.
베오울프는 천하무적의 명성을 얻었다.

beowulf later kills the monster's mother in a bloody battle.
베어울프는 잔인한 대결을 통해 괴물의 어머니를 죽였다.

boxer.
권투 선수.

boxer.
프로 권투 선수.

dragon.
용.

dragon.
시간을 질질 끌다.

animatedcartoon.
애니메이션.

lt ; lagaangt ;, a period drama set in colonial india , takes issues of nationalism and identity.
식민지 시대의 인도를 그리고 있는 시대극 라간은 민족주의와 정체성이라는 주제를 다루고 있습니다.

lt ; securitygt ; multiuser operating systems provide password protection to keep unauthorized users out of the system.
보안 다중 사용자 운영 체제는 권한이 없는 사용자가 시스템을 사용할 수 없도록 하기 위해 암호 보호 기능을 제공합니다.

lt challenges the whole idea of what makes us human , says professor chris stringer of the natural history museum in london.
런던에 있는 자연사박물관 소속 크리스 스트링거 교수는 " 이번 발견은 인간을 인간답게 하는 특성에 대한 생각 자체를 뒤흔드는 것 " 이라고 전했다.

animalcule.
극미동물.

animalcule.
종벌레.

decorate cookies to look like ghosts.
쿠키들을 유령같이 보이도록 꾸며라.

decorate tops of jars with material and ribbon.
병뚜껑을 천과 리본으로 꾸며라.

anhydrous.
무수의.

ammonia is a colorless and soluble gas.
암모니아는 색깔 없는 , 가용성의 기체이다.

smuggling underscores the problems faced by foreign companies trying to enter china's markets.
밀수는 중국에 진출하려는 외국 회사들이 겪고 있는 문제를 강조해서 보여준다.

heroin.
헤로인.

sienna is angry and wants to be alone.
시에나는 화가 나 있고 혼자 있고 싶어해요.

provoke.
격발시키다.

provoke.
화를 돋우다.

congo.
콩고.

congo.
콩고 인민공화국.

congo.
이것들은 콩고의 고원에서만 발견되는 것입니다..

anglophile.
친영국주의자.

anglophile.
친영주의자.

associates of pinochet , who ruled chile for 17 years , denied that the accounts existed.
17년 간 칠레를 통치한 피노체트의 측근들은 (리그스 뱅크 비밀) 계좌의 존재를 부인했습니다.

binge drinking can provide a positive outlet to allow british people to wind down.
폭음은 영국인들이 스트레스를 해소할 수 있는 수단이기도 하다.

chong ming island - cheng qiao new town : urban development and concept.
총밍 섬의 쳉치아오 뉴타운 기본계획 개념 현상설계.

angler.
낚시꾼.

angler.
밤낚시꾼.

angler.
낚시 친구.

eleven states initially took part in the psi.
처음에는 11개국이 psi에 참여했다.

zippered.
지퍼가 달린.

obtuse.
둔하다.

obtuse.
둔감.

nitrates are often used to treat angina.
질산염은 협심증을 치료하는데 자주 사용된다.

jolie is sexy , adorable , and whimsical in her first comedy role.
jolie는 그녀의 첫 코메디 영화 속에서 섹시하고 사랑스럽고 엉뚱한 역할을 맡았다.

southwest.
남서.

southwest.
남서로 가다.

makeover.
양여.

makeover.
파격적인 변신.

angelfish do best in the 7 to 8 range on the ph , scale.
엔젤피쉬는 수소 이온 7에서 8 범위에서 가장 잘 삽니다.

discus can survive in the higher ph but they will be slower moving and run the risk of acid burns to their gills.
디스커스는 더 높은 수소 이온 농도에서 살 수 있지만 그들은 더 천천히 움직일 것이며 그들의 아가미가 산성에 연소될 위험을 갖습니다.

voices rose in a crescendo and drowned him out.
목소리들이 점점 커지더니 그의 목소리가 묻혀 버렸다.

tack.
압정.

weep.
흐느끼다.

weep.
눈물을 흘리다.

tiger.
호랑이.

tiger.
호피.

affair.
불륜.

affair.
사건.

affair.
외도.

jhe sung-ho , a law professor at chung-ang university , who heads the civic group , claimed that members of the busan's ktu used the booklets to deny the political legitimacy of south korea.
시민단체를 이끌고 계시면서 중앙대학교 법대교수이신 제성호 교수님께서는 부산전교조 회원들이 대한민국 정치의(정부의) 합법성을 부정하는 이 책자를 사용했다고 주장했습니다.

emboldened by his first success in borrowing money from me , he has come again for another.
돈을 구해 주었더니 맛 들여 또 찾아왔다.

woo has worked for almost 10 years with monkeys , gorillas , orangutans , chimpanzees and other primates.
우는 거의 10년 동안 원숭이 , 고릴라 , 오랑우탄 , 침팬지 , 그리고 다른 영장류와 일했습니다.

lucy deduced what had happened at the murder scene by examining the evidence.
루시는 그 증거를 조사함으로써 살인 현장에서 발생했던 일을 추측했다.

noxious.
독기 있는.

acupuncture may have been the original meridian treatment , but today it is only one of a slew of energy approaches that use the chinese meridians.
침술은 원래의 혈 치료였을 지도 모르지만 , 오늘날 이것은 중국 혈을 사용하는 많은 에너지 접근법들 중 하나일 뿐입니다.

peter's hired a consultant to go over our marketing plan.
피터가 우리의 마케팅 계획을 검토할 컨설턴트를 고용했어요.

imf bailout and the korean construction industry : impacts and countermeasures.
imf시대의 건설산업 : 영향과 대응방향.

anechoic.
무향실.

youth should be characterized by an unflinching sense of optimism , self-belief , and love for life.
젊은이들은 낙천주의 , 자신감 , 그리고 삶에 대한 열정으로 특징지어져야 한다.

humorous.
해학적인.

humorous.
유머러스하다.

banana plantations are found in tropical or semitropical regions.
바나나 농장은 열대나 아열대 지방에 찾을 수 있다.

anecdotage.
일화집.

honorable.
떳떳하다.

honorable.
존경할.

honorable.
의연하다.

oliver stared blankly into the fire.
올리버는 멍하니 불길을 응시했다.

dion was a major religious center of the ancient macedonians.
디온은 고대 마케도이아인들의 주요한 종교 회합지였다.

kirk honeycutt director andy tennant has outdone himself.
킥 허니컷 감독 앤디 테넌트는 그자신을 능가했다.

chopard creations were also on display in andy warhol's " brillo boxes ".
쇼파드 작품은 또한 , 앤디 워홀의 " 브릴로 상자들 " 에 전시되었다.

bottleneck.
병목 구간.

bottleneck.
병목 상태[현상].

bottleneck.
애로를 타개하다.

grill over hot coals just until seared.
시어스 프로젝트에 쓸 2인치 케이블을 더 주문해야 할까요 ?.

androgyne.
남녀추니.

androgyne.
고녀.

androgyne.
양성구유자.

malaysia's leader , a devout muslim , flouted the imf's advice to do much what korea did do.
독실한 회교도인 말레이시아 지도자는 한국이 취한 행동을 그대로 따르라는 imf의 충고를 외면했다.

wikipedia attracts roughly six million visitors a day.
위키피디아는 하루에 대략 6백만 사람들이 방문해.

scissors.
가위.

scissors.
가위 한 자루.

scissors.
가위바위보.

monaco was a very different place when prince rainier was born in 1923.
레니에 대공이 태어난 1923년의 모나코는 지금과 매우 다른 모습이었습니다.

peruvian foreign minister jose belaunde will be opening an exhibition in korea in december.
호세 벨라운데 페루 외교장관이 오는 12월 한국에서 전시회를 계획 중입니다.

peruvian hairless dogs do not cause any type of allergy and are very friendly , playful and sweet.
페루산 털 없는 개들은 알레르기와 같은 병을 일으키지 않고 매우 친근하고 잘 놀아주고 다정합니다.

butterflies have 6 legs , one pair of antennae , and a segmented body with three body parts : a head , a thorax and an abdomen.
나비는 다리가 6개 , 더듬이 한 쌍 , 그리고 머리 , 흉부 , 복부 세 부분으로 된 분절된 몸을 가지고 있습니다.

citadel.
성채.

citadel.
수공.

machu picchu , peru : this is a sanctuary built in on an andean mountaintop 2 , 438 meters above sea level.
페루의 마추픽추 : 이것은 해발 2 , 438미터 높이의 안데스산맥의 산꼭대기에 세워진 신성한 장소예요.

quito and banos , ecuador - quito is ecuador's capital and one of the largest cities in the andes.
에콰도르의 뀐토와 바뇨스 - 뀐토는 에콰도르의 수도이자 안데스 산맥에서 가장 큰 도시예요.

stretch.
뻗다.

stretch.
늘어나다.

stretch.
스트레칭.

stretch bootcut jeans with a dark new york wash from mankind(left) features whiskering on the lap and upper legs.
맨카인드의 다크 뉴욕 워시로 처리된 스트레치 부트컷 청바지(왼쪽)는 무릎과 허벅지 윗부분의 휘스커링을 그 특징으로 한다.

mendoza , bariloche , and salta , argentina - while mendoza is better known for its wine , it also has some of the best hiking , skiing , and horseback riding in the andes.
아르헨티나의 멘도자 , 발릴로체 , 그리고 살타 - 멘도자는 와인으로 잘 알려져 있으면서 , 동시에 안데스 최고의 하이킹 , 스키 , 그리고 말 타기 장소도 있어요.

sanctuary.
성역.

sanctuary.
천주당.

volcanoes belched carbon dioxide and steam into the air , which had been mostly hydrogen.
화산작용으로 이산화탄소와 수증기가 대기중으로 분출됐는데 , 당시 대기의 주성분은 수소였습니다.

bean curd is made from soybeans. or soybeans are the main ingredient of bean curd.
두부의 원료는 콩이다.

perched 80 feet above the historic james river , the luxurious homes of eider bluffs offer unparalleled views of water , earth and sky.
유서 깊은 제임스 강 위로 80피트나 높게 자리잡고 있는 호화로운 아이더 블러프스의 가옥들은 어디와도 견줄 수 없는 물과 땅과 하늘의 경 치를 선사합니다.

crunchy.
바삭바삭하다.

crunchy.
으드득거리다.

crunchy.
아지작.

pickled cabbage / herring / onions.
식초에 절인 양배추/청어/양파.

dip one side of won ton wrapper in eg white.
만두피의 한 쪽을 달걀 흰자에 담그세요.

strawberry flavored candy is my favorite.
내가 가장 좋아하는 캔디맛은 딸기이다.

coconut oil is very effective at creating lather.
야자유가 비누거품을 만들 때 매우 효과적이다.

wrestling.
레슬링.

wrestling.
씨름의 수.

kimchi is one of my favorite foods and really aids in digestion.
김치는 내가 가장 좋아하는 음식들 중 하나이고 소화에 아주 많은 도움이 된다.

sparks shoot up in the air.
불티가 튀어 오른다.

anchorman.
앵커맨.

sailors could see an unidentified ship coming over the horizon.
선원들이 수평선 너머 신원불명의 배가 다가오는 것을 볼 수 있었다.

sailors put the ship's anchor into the water.
선원들은 바다에 닻을 내렸다.

sailors jettisoned big boxes in the storm to make the ship lighter.
선원들은 폭풍 속에서 배를 가볍게 하기 위해 큰 상자들을 바다에 내던졌다.

ace.
에이스.

ace.
주 무기.

ace.
첫손 꼽는.

turkmen are a historic people of the area and they are watching themselves being outed.
투르크만족은 이 지역의 역사적인 주민들이면서도 줄곧 밀려나는 입장에 있어왔습니다.

theirs is a very insular culture , protected as it is from outside influences.
그들의 문화는 외부의 영향으로부터 보호받아 온 , 고립된 문화였다.

theirs is a childless marriage.
그들의 결혼 생활에는 애가 없다.

ancestral.
부조 전래의.

ancestral.
조상 전래의.

ancestral.
조상의.

alga.
녹조류.

alga.
갈조류.

alga.
파래.

abraham.
아브라함.

abraham lincoln was an excellent writer and was able to express his ideas lucidly.
에이브러햄 링컨은 글 솜씨가 뛰어나서 자기 생각을 분명하게 나타낼 수 있었다.

mammoth.
맘모스.

mammoth.
거대.

smear uncooked side with sauce before turning.
뒤집기 전에 익히지 않은 부분에 소스를 발라라.

portraying life without love as a " sequent toil ," mankind struggles to move forward.
인생을 사랑이 없는 계속되는 고역으로 생각하는 사람은 앞으로 전진하는데 몰두한다.

anatomize.
해부.

prejudice.
편견.

prejudice.
선입견.

prejudice.
선입관.

steroids are imitations of the hormone testosterone.
스테로이드는 합성한 테스토스테론 호르몬이다.

anasarca.
전신 부종.

anasarca.
부황증.

janet and roger have been married for eighteen years , and after that long , people reach an accommodation.
자넷과 로저가 결혼한 지는 18년이 되는데 그 정도를 부부로 지낸 사람들이라면 타협점을 찾기 마련이다.

anarchic.
무정부의.

anarchic.
무정부 상태이다.

compare.
비교.

compare.
견주다.

hierarchy.
분류계급.

hierarchy.
위계제.

hierarchy.
단급제.

procurement and construction management model for the soc projects.
soc사업관리 모델 개발 연구보고서(iii-ii권)(최종) : soc 사업의 조달 및 시공관리 모델 개발 : soc 사업의 정보관리 모델 개발.

tensile behavior of concrete - filled column connections using re - bars.
철근을 이용한 충전 강관기둥 접합부의 인장거동.

tensile load transmission capacity of h-shaped beam by stud connectors.
스터드 커넥터로 연결된 h형강보의 인장하중 전달성능.

revitalization of direct trading of agricultural and livestock products.
농축산물 직거래 활성화 방안.

stereoscopic.
실체 관측.

stereoscopic.
실체 사진.

stereoscopic.
실체상.

analysing collective civil appeals of demanding compensation in residential land development processes.
택지개발과정에서의 손실보상에 따른 집단민원의실태와 제도개선 방안 연구.

modal identification of electrical equipments in kori nuclear power plant unit 1 by impact hammer test.
현장 충격시험에 의한 고리1호기 전기 기기의 동특성분석.

static analysis of superstructures on very large floating structures subjected to wave loads.
파랑하중을 받는 초대형 부유식 구조물 상부구조체의 정적해석법.

analogism.
유추 진단.

symbolism and meaning of glass in architecture.
건축에 사용된 유리의 상징과 의미.

signaling link access control (lac) specification for cdma2000 spread spectrum systems (release c).
imt-2000 3gpp2-cdma2000 주파수확산 시스템 lac 계층 표준.

analects.
명언집.

analects.
논어 한 길.

pilates does stress the musculature at an intensity level high enough to be considered a form of resistance training ; however , pilates is anaerobic because it does not tax the cardiovascular system enough to provide aerobic benefits.
필라테스는 저항력 훈련의 형태로 여겨질 정도로 충분히 높은 수준의 강도에서 근육 조직에 압력을 가합니다 ; 하지만 , 필라테스는 유산소의 이점을 공급할 정도로 충분히 심장혈관계 시스템에 부담을 주지 않기 때문에 혐기성입니다.

expand and make profit , and to condemn american companies alone for this is absurd.
시장을 확장하고 이윤을 남기려는 회사의 자연스러운 소망이 있을 뿐이고 , 이것으로 미국 회사만 비난하는 것은 바보 같은 것입니다.

anaemia.
혈액 결핍.

anaemia.
중독성 빈혈.

personally , i do not like the bitter taste and roughness of fruit peel , though i understand that it has some nutritious value and contains dietary fiber.
과일 껍질이 어느 정도 영양적 가치가 있으며 식이 섬유를 함유하고 있다는 것을 이해하지만 나는 개인적으로 과일 껍질의 씁쓸한 맛과 거친 느낌을 좋아 하지 않는다.

personally , i do not like the bitter taste and roughness of fruit peel , though i understand that it has some nutritious value and contains dietary fiber.
과일 껍질이 어느 정도 영양적 가치가 있으며 식이 섬유를 함유하고 있다는 것을 이해하지만 나는 개인적으로 과일 껍질의 씁쓸한 맛과 거친 느낌을 좋아하지 않는다.

anachronism.
시대 착오.

anachronism.
시대착오.

anachronism.
아나크로니즘.

realizing he had won , gardner let out a yell , somersaulted across the mat , then came back with a cartwheel.
가드너는 자신이 이겼음을 알고 고함을 치고 매트를 가로질러 공중제비를 돌았으며 그리고 옆 재주를 넘으며 돌아왔다.

regardless.
어떻든지.

regardless.
고려하지 않고.

regardless.
연령에 상관없이.

regardless of what anybody says , this is the only truth.
누가 뭐라든 상관없이 이것은 오직 진실이다.

overload.
적재초과.

overload.
과부하.

queer.
진묘하다.

queer.
별미쩍다.

queer.
괴이쩍다.

beta.
베타.

beta.
베타선.

beta.
베타 입자.

amylase works in your mouth while you chew , breaking down starch (a big sugar) into smaller sugars.
아밀라제는 여러분이 녹말(큰 설탕)을 더 작은 설탕으로 분해하며 씹는 동안 입 안에서 활동합니다.

beard.
턱수염.

beard.
수염.

beard.
턱수염을 기르다.

colored.
채색한.

colored.
유색의.

ornament.
장식품.

monetary.
금융의.

monetary.
금전(상)의.

monetary.
돈의.

distort.
왜곡.

distort.
씰그러뜨리다.

distort.
찌그러뜨리다.

amplifier.
증폭기.

amplifier.
앰프.

amplifier.
앰프를 설치하다.

o.k. , you get an am/fm radio tuner , an amplifier , a cd player , cassette player , two console-size speakers and the rack itself.
음 , am/fm 라디오 , 앰프 , cd 플레이어 , 녹음기 , 콘솔 크기의 스피커 2개에다 장식장까지요.

nero , a lion in a zoo germany , died at the age of 29 in may 1907.
독일의 한 동물원에 있는 사자 , 네로는 1907년 5월 29세의 나이로 죽었다.

amphicar.
수륙양용(자동)차.

caecilians are the only living amphibians that are completely legless.
무족영원류는 현존하는 양서류들 중 유일하게 다리가 아예 없다.

amphetamine.
암페타민.

amp.
증폭기.

amp.
암페어.

amp up your cardio workout and lose more pounds by using the maximum length possible on your aerobic fitness games.
심장 강화 운동을 하고 에어로빅 피트니스 운동을 할 때 가능한 가장 긴 운동을 함으로써 더 많은 살을 빼세요.

emphasis was placed on the school as a transmitter of moral values.
도덕적 가치의 전달자로서의 학교에 강조가 주어졌다.

stalin.
스탈린.

whatever.
무엇이든지.

whatever.
-거나.

whatever their type , heroes are selfless people who perform extraordinary acts.
그들이 어떤 유형이든 , 영웅들은 비범한 일을 해내는 이기심이 없는 사람들이다.

whatever may happen , i will not change my mind.
무슨 일이 있어도 내 마음은 변치 않는다.

prophets.
아모스서.

prophets.
하박국서.

siblings of a child with adhd also may have special difficulties.
adhd 아동의 형제자매 역시 특수 장애를 가지고 있을 수도 있다.

daffodils are among the first flowers to bloom in the spring.
수선화는 봄에 제일 먼저 피는 꽃 중에 하나다.

motivation is a primary factor in learning.
동기 유발은 학습에 있어서 중요한 요인이다.

concussion.
뇌진탕.

concussion.
뇌진탕을 일으키다.

concussion.
척수진탕.

volatile.
휘발성의.

volatile.
증발하기 쉬운.

adiabatic.
단열 체감.

adiabatic.
단열선.

adiabatic.
단열 변화.

abducted on june 25th.
올메르트총리는 지난달 25일에 납치된 19세난 사병의 석방을 구하기 위해 이스라엘정부가 어떠한 협상도 벌이지 않을 것이라고 말했습니다.

powderkeg.
화약고.

solely.
오직.

solely.
오로지.

amine.
기뢰.

amine.
광갱.

amine.
아민.

opec was on the verge of collapse two years ago amid rock bottom prices.
opec은 2년전에 바닥권의 원유가 때문에 붕괴 직전에 처했습니다.

restrictions and punishment were considered as a matter of course in prison.
제한과 처벌은 감옥에서 당연한 일로 여겨졌다.

comply with the new guidelines for learndirect.
'런다이렉트'를 위한 새로운 지침에 순응하다.

affable.
사근사근하다.

specially.
전문으로.

specially.
특별히.

sweetness chocolate is pleased to announce that it will be listed on the public stock exchange as of august 1.
스위트니스 초콜릿 사는 8월 1일부로 공공증권거래소에 상장됐음을 알려드리게 되어 기쁩니다.

ametropia.
부정시.

alfred nobel established the nobel prize , and the world thinks of him the way he wanted to be remembered : alfred nobel , a man of peace.
알프레드 노벨이 노벨상을 창설했기 때문에 세상 사람들은 그가 원하던 방식으로 알프레드 노벨이 평화의 사람이라고 생각하게 되었다.

alfred hitchcock is one of the representative directors of suspense movies.
알프레드 히치콕은 대표적인 서스펜스 영화감독이다.

popularized in the 1960's , it has spread its bizarre roots throughout every decade since.
1960년에 인기를 끌었고 , 몇십년 동안 그 뿌리를 내렸다.

americanindian.
홍인종.

amer..
미어.

marilyn monroe was a hollywood sex symbol.
마릴린 먼로는 할리우드의 섹스 심벌이었다.

menstruation usually occurs every twenty-eight days , and lasts from three to six days.
월경은 보통 28일 만에 시작되고 3일 내지 6일간 계속된다.

declining sales in germany i was sent to germany last month to find out why our sales have declined 35% over the past two years.
독일에서의 판매 하락 저는 지난달 우리 회사 판매량이 지난 2년 동안 35 퍼센트나 하락한 이유를 알아보기 위해 독일 에 파견되어 왔습니다.

ameba.
아메바.

trophic levels are the feeding position in a food chain.
영양단계는 먹이사슬의 먹이를 먹는 위치이다.

afghan officials say taleban fighters who bushwhacked two convoys carrying members of the same family have killed at least 30 people.
아프가니스탄에서 탈레반 반군들이 한 가족이 타고 가던 차량에 대해 두 건의 매복공격을 가해 최소한 30명을 살해 했다고 아프간 관리들이 말했습니다.

hindus purify themselves by bathing in the river ganges.
힌두교인들은 갠지스 강에 몸을 씻음으로써 스스로를 정화한다.

ambulatory.
보행 동물.

stretcher.
들것.

stretcher.
캔버스 틀.

stretcher.
들것으로 나르다.

volunteer patients needed arthur stemple , m.d. is conducting a clinical trial of a medication for asthma symptoms.
아서 스템플 의학 박사가 천식 치료제의 임상 실험을 하려고 합니다.

rachel is a meddlesome mother to jake.
rachel은 jake에게는 지겹게 참견하는 엄마이다.

rachel wears decollete dress to the party.
rachel은 파티에서 어깨가 드러난 드레스를 입고 있다.

rachel quarrels with paul because of the dissimilarity in their characters.
rachel은 성격차이로 인해 paul과 서로 싸운다.

ambling.
우보.

mendes is understood to feel somewhat ambivalent.
mendes는 무엇인가 양면적인 감정을 느낀 것으로 이해되었다.

ambition.
야망.

ambition.
야욕.

ambition spurred him on to success.
그는 야심에 자극되어 성공했다.

clarification.
천명.

clarification.
명증.

clarification has become almost a weasel word.
그 해명이 거의 교묘한 말이 되었다.

cryogenic.
저온 연료.

speck.
티.

speck.
티끌.

ambidextrous.
양손을 다 쓰는.

ambidextrous.
두 마음을 품은.

thai.
타이 말.

thai.
태국음식을 한번 먹어보고 싶어요..

thai.
태국 실크.

vested.
기득의.

vested.
기득권.

citing health reasons , george dover announced he would retire on june 30.
조지 도버는 건강상의 이유를 들어 6월 30일에 은퇴하겠다고 발표했다.

brazil's state-owned petrobras company operates natural gas fields in bolivia.
브라질의 국영 페트로브라스 회사가 볼리비아의 천연가스 매장지들을 운영하고 있습니다.

repercussions for countries that harbor terrorists.
테러분자들이 국가에 미치는 영향.

whirl until the sauce is smooth.
소스가 부드러워질때까지 저어라.

moreover , i am not as dirty as you.
더구나 나는 너보다 더럽지는 않다.

moreover , our dram , nand and lcd businesses all faced steep price declines led by persistent oversupply in the industry.
게다가 , 우리의 dram , nand 그리고 lcd 사업은 모두 사업에 있어 계속적인 과잉 공급에 의해 일어난 엄청난 가격 하락에 직면했습니다.

moreover , her case is not an isolated instance.
게다가 , 그녀의 경우는 유일한 사례가 아니다.

moreover , some people think that capital punishment cheapens the value of human life.
게다가 , 어떤 사람들은 사형 제도가 생명의 가치를 경시하는 행위라고 생각한다.

moreover , only half of raw milk is consumed as liquid milk.
게다가 , 갓 짜낸 우유의 절반만이 시중에 판매되는 우유로 사용된다.

mom's friend called to send her condolences about dad's death.
엄마 친구분이 전화해서 아빠의 죽음에 대해 애도를 전하셨어요.

michele imperato-stabile is the co-producer and the film is edited by richard marks.
미셀 임페르토 스테이블은 공동제작자이며 , 그 영화는 리차드 막스에 의해 편집되었다.

ug's jaw dropped open in amazement.
ug는 놀라서 입이 딱 벌어졌다.

coarse.
조제의.

coarse.
거칠다.

coarse.
천박하다.

europeans who settled in georgia during the 1700s made pottery.
1700년대에 조지아에 정착한 유럽인들은 도자기를 만들었다.

amateurism.
아마추어 정신.

amateurism.
아마추어리즘.

unparalleled.
유례가 없는.

unparalleled.
전무후무하다.

amanuensis.
사자생.

amalgam.
아말감.

amalgam.
아말감은.

amalgam.
물금.

dental caries.
치아 카리에스.

bay.
만.

bay.
짖다.

bay.
궁지에 몰려 반항하다.

dram.
디램.

curses , like chickens , come home to roost.
누워서 침뱉기다.

compliments are ok , but a doubtful compliment is refused.
칭찬은 괜찮지만 빈정대는 칭찬은 사양한다.

hostess.
호스티스.

hostess.
접대부.

alumnus.
동창.

alumnus.
동문.

alumnus.
졸업생.

how's the sales volume these days ?.
요즘의 매출은 어떻습니까 ?.

how's the price compared to l-mart ?.
l-mart 하고 비교해 보면 값이 어때요 ?.

how's the crime rate ? any increase in juvenile delinquency ?.
범죄율은 어떻습니까 ? 청소년 범죄가 다소라도 증가 되었나요 ?.

how's our most successful alumnus doing ?.
우리의 가장 성공한 동창은 잘 지냈냐 ?.

how's hay fever treating you ? feeling any better ?.
꽃가루 알레르기는 좀 어때요 ? 좀 나아졌어요 ?.

experiments on contamination in air duct and air handling unit.
공조시스템의 오염 현황에 대한 실측.

limestone is a nonliving part of the everglades ecosystem.
석회석은 에버글레이즈 생태계의 무생물 군이다.

aam is a company operating an aluminium smelter in north wales.
aam은 북 웨일스에 있는 , 알루미늄 용광로를 가동하는 회사이다.

altogether , it was a successful party.
대체로 성공적인 파티였다.

chop meat with a cleaver into bite-size pieces.
식칼로 고기를 한입크기로 자르세요.

saxophone.
색소폰.

saxophone.
색소폰 연주자.

tenor , baritone and bass are the composition of a male trio.
테너 , 바리톤 그리고 베이스는 남성 3중창의 구성요소 이다.

travelers from the united states make up the largest portion of tourists to the caribbean region.
카리브해 여행객 중 미국인들이 가장 많습니다.

travelers frequently complain that it also makes them feel woozy.
여행자들은 또한 종종 멍한 느낌도 든다고 호소한다.

verona : the arena and old city - the first-century roman arena is one of the best preserved , and sits in the middle of the walled town.
베로나 : 원형극장과 옛 도시 - 1세기 로마 원형경기장은 가장 잘 보존된 것 중 하나이고 , 성벽으로 둘러싸인 도시의 한 가운에 자리잡고 있 어요.

penance.
고행.

penance.
계행.

penance.
고백 성사.

althea.
근화.

processor.
가공업자.

processor.
데이터 처리 장치.

processor.
식품 가공업자.

newsgroups are organized into topical hierarchies , which include alt (alternative) , biz (business) , comp (computing) , misc (miscellaneous) , rec (recreational) , and others.
뉴스 그룹은 alt(선택) , biz(비즈니스) , comp(컴퓨팅) , misc(기타) , rec(레크레이션) 등을 포함하는 항목 계층에 구성된다.

skewer.
꼬챙이에 꿰다.

skewer.
쇠꼬챙이.

skewer.
꼬챙이.

alternate cubes of meat and slices of red pepper.
고기 조각과 붉은 피망 조각을 번갈아 끼워라.

install help content that is shared from another computer on your network.
네트워크에 있는 다른 컴퓨터로부터 공유하는 도움말 콘텐트를 설치합니다.

heron.
왜가리.

heron.
백로.

heron.
해오라기.

altercation.
쟁론.

altercation.
실랑이(질).

altercate.
말다툼하다.

altercate.
옥신각신.

sacrifice.
희생.

deputies from across burma are attending in a national convention that is writing a constitution for the country.
버마에서는 현재 전국의 대표들이 참석한 가운데 헌법을 개정하기 위한 집회가 열리고 있습니다.

swift.
재빠르다.

swift.
잽싸다.

als.
쫄깃쫄깃하다.

hawking , 65 , has the paralyzing disease als , also known as lou gehrig's disease.
65세의 호킹은 루게릭병이라고도 알려져있는 근위축성측색경화증으로 마비되고 있다.

hawking has been confined to a wheelchair for most of his adult life.
호킹은 어른이 된 후 삶의 대부분을 휠체어에만 앉아서 지냈어요.

sore.
아프다.

sore.
쓰라리다.

rb stars usher and mya sang jack's heart-pounding 1983 hit " want to be starting something. ".
rb 스타인 어셔와 미아가 가슴을 두근거리게 하는 잭의 1983년 히트곡wanna be starting something을 열창하였다.

it'll have to wait until next year. we have used up this year's facilities budget.
내년까지 기다려야만 해요. 올해 시설 자금을 다 써버렸거든요.

switzerland is very famous for its natural beauty.
스위스는 자연미로 매우 유명하다.

switzerland is wellknown for making the world's best watches and chocolate.
스위스는 세계 최고의 시계와 초콜릿 생산국으로 유명합니다.

alphabetize.
알파벳순으로 배열하다.

alphabetize.
가나다순으로 배열하다.

analyzes and troubleshoots packets of data transferred over the network.
네트워크상에서 전송되는 데이터 패킷을 분석하고 문제를 해결합니다.

publish.
펴내다.

publish.
발행.

publish.
발간.

alpha girls want men who have both good personalities and high social status.
알파걸들은 좋은 성격과 높은 사회적 지위를 모두 가진 남성들을 원한다.

alpenstock.
등산용 지팡이.

alpenstock.
등산지팡이.

alpenstock.
알펜슈토크.

alow.
저습지.

nestled in this romantic seaside setting , this legendary sixty-three years old resort has been restored to its former splendor in the grand four seasons tradition.
전설적인 63년된 휴양지인 이 곳은 낭만적인 해변을 배경으로 누워있으며 위대한 포 시즌즈 전통의 훌륭함을 복원하였습니다.

neatly.
말끔히.

neatly.
차곡차곡.

stamps and other postal necessities are cheaper online.
우표와 그 외 우편 필수품들이 온라인 상에서 더 저렴하다.

compose.
합성.

hawaiian.
하와이 말.

hawaiian tours incorporated is proud to announce an exciting honolulu vacation package.
하와이투어에서 신나는 호놀룰루 휴가 패키지 여행 상품을 선보입니다.

sony took over columbia pictures more than fifteen years ago.
소니는 15년보다 좀더 오래 전에 컬럼비아 픽쳐스를 인수한 바 있습니다.

aids is a scourge that is devastating our society.
에이즈는 우리 사회를 황폐화시키는 재앙이다.

yellowish.
노르스름하다.

yellowish.
누르스름하다.

yellowish.
노랑빛을 띤.

almsgiving.
진휼.

almsgiving.
보사.

humpback whales have similar brain cells to humans humpback whales have a type of brain cells only found in humans , primates , and other highly intelligent mammals like dolphins.
혹등 고래는 인간과 , 영장류 그리고 돌고래 같은 다른 높은 지능의 포유류에서만 발견되는 종류의 뇌세포를 갖고 있어요.

almond eyes.
아몬드같이 생긴 눈.

wintergreen.
동록유.

rosemary.
로즈메리.

rosemary.
로즈마리.

rosemary grows well in sandy soil.
로즈마리는 모래 토양에서 잘 자란다.

candied.
사탕에 절인 과일.

candied.
생강정과.

candied.
배정과.

petty officials can not help putting on airs in the provinces.
하급 관리들은 시골에 가면 꼭 꺼떡거리게 마련이다.

pray that one day he will be canonised.
언젠가 그가 성인이 되길 기도합시다.

year. (horace mann).
한 문장이라도 매일 조금씩 읽기로 결심하라. 하루 15분씩 시간을 내면 연말에는 변화가 느껴질 것이다. (호러스 맨 , 독서명언).

greenspan is adamant that cutting the budget deficit would cool the present growth effectively than tighter money can.
그린스펀(미국 연방준비제도 이사회) 의장은 예산 적자 삭감이 금융 긴축보다 현 경기 열기를 진정하는 효과가 크다고 강경하게 주장한다.

ally.
동맹국.

ally.
우방.

ally.
아군.

staunch u.s. ally british prime minister tony blair defended his stand on iraq before the house of commons today.
미국의 강력한 동맹국인 영국의 토니 블레어 총리는 오늘 영국 하원에서 이라크에 대한 자신의 입장을 역설했습니다.

alluvion.
충적지.

retailers.
국제 경영 컨설팅 회사 a.t. 커니의 라만 만가로카씨는 최근의 한 조사에 따르면 인도는 소매업자들에게 가장 매력적인 시장으로 나타났다고 말했습니다.

retailers mark prices up 30 percent from the wholesale price.
소매점은 도매가격에 30%를 올려 가격을 매긴다.

whisk the egg whites into stiff peaks.
달걀 흰자위가 뾰족뾰족 서는 것처럼 될 때까지 저어라.

pudding.
푸딩.

pudding.
꿀범벅.

pudding.
밀범벅.

alloy.
합금.

alloy.
합금강.

alloy.
경합금.

phosphorus.
적린.

phosphorus.
황린.

hydride.
수소화붕소.

allowance.
용돈.

allowance.
감안.

allowance.
공차.

bearing strength of steel baseplate under eccentric loads.
편심축력을 받는 철골구조 주각부의 지압강도.

bearing capacity of single angle struts.
단일 l-자강 압축재의 내하력 산정.

calculating access convenience index using six sigma methodology.
6시그마 기법을 이용한 장애인 접근편의성 지수 산정.

customize your windows whistler experience with a variety of optional components.
여러 가지 옵션 구성 요소를 사용하여 windows whistler 사용 환경을 지정하십시오.

migration is a key reason for the rising birthrate.
이민이 출생률 증가의 주 요인이다.

allover.
전체에 걸쳐.

allover.
일면에.

allover.
골골샅샅이.

regeneration.
변성.

perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. (colin powell).
지속적인 긍정적 사고는 능력을 배가시킨다. (콜린 파월 , 희망명언).

allopathy.
대증 요법.

allopathy.
대증.

mature.
무르녹다.

mature.
성숙하다.

mature.
어른스럽다.

mature males of this species have brightly colored tail feathers.
다 자란 이 종의 수컷은 화사한 색깔의 꼬리털을 갖고 있다.

mature teenagers can be excellent caretakers for small children.
성숙한 십대들은 어린 아이들을 훌륭하게 돌볼 수 있다.

rugged vistas in mexico and spain look terrific in swooping helicopter shots.
헬리콥터에서 내려다 본 멕시코의 바위 투성이 풍경은 정말 장관이다.

marco polo is a renowned explorer.
마르코 폴로는 유명한 탐험가이다.

victorious.
상승의.

victorious.
백전백승하다.

victorious.
승전국.

wipe the dust from your computer screen regularly.
규칙적으로 컴퓨터 화면에 있는 먼지를 닦아주세요 !.

larry faith says dealers have to trust that the ginseng brought to them was dug legally on private land.
래리 페이스는 , 산삼 취급업자들은 그 산삼이 민간인들의 땅에서 합법적으로 캐낸 것으로 신뢰해야 한다고 말합니다.

larry promised to lend me his backpack.
래리가 배낭을 빌려 주겠다고 약속했다.

serbia.
세르비아.

marie curie was born on november 7 , 1867 in poland.
마리 퀴리는 1867년 11월 7일 폴란드에서 태어났어요.

circumvent.
실질적인 문제를 회피하다.

sneeze.
재채기.

pollen is a kind of sticky powder or syrup.
꽃가루는 끈적끈적한 가루나 시럽 같은 것이다.

consult index six for questions about osteoporosis.
골다공증에 관한 문제는 색인 6을 참조하라.

mold.
곰팡이.

mold.
주형.

allegretto.
알레그레토.

allegorize.
우화하다.

dick was socially inept and uncomfortable in the presence of women.
딕은 사회성이 부족해서 여자들 앞에서 불편해했다.

flags are sold in the hotel lobby.
기는 호텔 로비에서 판매한다.

flags were strung out along the route.
깃발들이 그 길을 죽 따라서 매달려 있었다.

consequently , quite a few christmas traditions come from pagan traditions.
그 결과 일부 크리스마스 전통 중에는 이 비기독교 전통에서 기인된 것들이 있다.

moss was recently pictured in a british tabloid newspaper , allegedly taking illegal drugs.
모스가 불법 약물을 복용하는 장면을 담은 것으로 추정되는 사진이 최근 영국의 한 타블로이드판 신문에 게재되었습니다.

charles found his grave in his home country.
찰스는 그의 조국에서 죽었다.

charles ferguson says that there are levers that can be applied to get a country to renounce nuclear ambitions.
챨스 퍼거슨은 어떤 나라로 하여금 핵무기 욕망을 버리도록 만드는데 적용될 수 있는 수단들이 있다고 말합니다.

discriminatory rules in all other positions - ceos of companies , the supreme court - stress equality , not distinction.
회사의 최고경영자 , 최고법원 등 - 모든 지위에서 차별적인(특이한) 규칙이 차별이 아닌 동등함을 강조합니다.

euthanasia is now legal in the netherlands as a controversial law goes into effect.
논란거리가 되어왔던 안락사 허용 법안이 발효되면서 , 이제 네덜란드에선 안락사가 합법화되었습니다.

breach.
돌파구를 만들다.

breach.
위반.

breach of confidentiality is a serious disciplinary matter.
비밀준수의무을 위배하는 것은 심각한 규율상의 문제이다.

satin.
섬유 석고.

satin.
새틴.

satin.
견새틴.

alkyl.
알킬.

powered.
원자력으로 움직이는.

powered.
고촉 전등.

powered.
전동(식)의.

powered by a six-litre bio-turbo engine.
6리터 용량의 바이오터보 엔진으로 작동됩니다.

thumb sucking , although a normal behavior , can lead to buckteeth if continued past age 4.
엄지손가락을 빠는 습관이 비록 자연스런 행동이긴 하지만 , 4세 이후까지 계속되면 뻐드렁니가 될 수 있다.

drying.
공기 건조.

drying.
건성유.

drying.
건조실.

alizarin.
알리자린.

alimony is not a lifetime grant.
이혼수당은 일생의 보조금이 아니다.

alimentation.
자양.

alimentation.
자양관장.

canal 11 , another public broadcaster , aired the cacion de los coreanos , a spanish version of henequen , a documentary film produced by south korea's mbc.
타 공영방송사 " 카날 11 " 은 한국방송사 mbc에서 제작한 다큐멘터리 필름인 헤네켄(용설란 비슷한 식물)의 스페인 버전 , 카시온 드 로스 꼬레아노스를 방영 했다.

absorbed in the actual , he has lost sight of the ideal.
그는 현실에 묻혀서 이상을 잊었다.

alberta was born in 1923 in troy and now lives in aliment colorado.
alberta는 1923년 트로이에서 태어나 현재 콜로라도의 에일먼트에서 살고 있다.

alberta culture is one component of the festival beginning june 30 , along with native american basketry and the latin music of chicago.
(캐나다의 빙하 경치로 유명한) 알버타의 문화는 아메리카 원주민들의 바구니 공예술과 시카고의 라틴 음악과 더불어 오는 6월30일부터 시작되는 축재의 한 중요한 요소이다.

troy is the spokesman for the older generation.
트로이는 구세대의 대변인이다.

refuge.
도피처.

refuge.
피신처.

refuge.
피난처.

alignment.
동조.

alignment.
노선 설정.

alignment.
정당의 이합집산.

tar.
담뱃진.

tar.
타르.

petrol stations offer a range of complementary services , selling food , flowers and everything you need while on the road.
주유소들은 음식 , 꽃 , 여행하면서 필요한 모든 것을 파는 등 , 다양한 보조 서비스를 제공한다.

grass eating animals on the savanna compete for grass.
대초원의 초식동물들은 풀을 먹기 위해 경쟁한다.

alienation.
이간.

alienation.
정신 이상.

alienation.
할양.

dissatisfaction and recognition evaluation on the permanent rental apartment housing.
영구임대아파트에 대한 불만도 및 인식 평가.

objectionable.
불쾌.

cruelty was quite alien to him.
잔인한 행동은 그와 도저히 맞지 않았다.

alicyclic.
지환(식) 화합물.

tales.
고자질하다.

tales.
말전주하다.

tales.
영웅담을 늘어놓다.

algologist.
조류학자.

laradjane , who has been living illegally in france for the past three years , calls the draft bill shameful.
3년째 프랑스에 불법으로 거주하고 있는 라라지아네씨는 이 새 법안을 한마디로 수치스러운 것이라고 말합니다.

algebra is a type of mathematics in which letters are used to represent quantities.
대수학은 수학의 한 분야로 양을 나타내는데 문자를 사용한다.

computation.
산출.

computation.
계수.

computation of compact heat exchanger performance by the heat exchangelet method : effect of tube-to-tube conduction along the fin.
미소열교환기법에 의한 밀집형 열교환기의 성능 계산 : 핀을 통한 튜브간 전도의 영향.

cameo.
카메오.

appearances to the contrary , though , dinosaurs are more than a marketing phenomenon.
외관과는 반대로 , 공룡은 마케팅적 현상 그 이상이다.

conceptual approach for understanding emotional interaction space design.
감성 인터렉션 공간디자인의 개념적 접근연구.

conceptual approaches for environmentally sustainable urban development.
환경모범도시 건설을 위한 기반기술개발에 관한 연구(연구).

sherman wanted to be a historian one day.
셔먼은 언젠가는 역사학자가 되고 싶었다.

madame curie.
퀴리 부인.

chris found himself on delicate ground in the situation.
그 상황에서 크리스는 미묘한 입장에 처했음을 알았다.

donna.
프리마돈나.

donna.
오페라의 프리마돈나.

donna.
가극의 프리마 돈나.

alevel.
수평기.

alevel.
수준기.

alevel.
-대.

yes. i will have a slice of orange chiffon cake , and would like to have my coffee with it , please.
네 , 오렌지 쉬퐁 케이크 한 조각 주세요. 그리고 커피를 같이 주세요.

yes. i'd like to have a beef steak.
네 , 비프스테이크로 하겠어요.

alec laughed harshly.
알렉이 듣기 싫게 웃었다.

pesticide residues are not good for the earth.
잔류 농약은 지구에 좋지 않다.

proposition.
명제.

proposition.
제안.

bookcase.
책꽂이.

ben's parents brought this custom from their village of aliterme , sicily.
이 관습은 벤의 부모님이 그들이 살던 시실리의 알리테어메이라는 마을에서 가져온 것입니다.

beet.
사탕무.

beet.
첨채정당공장.

beet.
첨채.

beet root is high in magnesium , making it a good vegetable for women concerned with preventing osteoporosis.
비트 뿌리는 마그네슘이 풍부하여 골다공증을 예방하는 여성들에게 좋은 채소가 됩니다.

veteran cuban squad that had not lost an international competition in decades.
같은 날 밤 22살의 투수 벤 시츠가 이끄는 산만하고 어린 미국 야구팀은 수십 년간 세계 대회에서 진 적이 없는 노련한 쿠바팀을 4대0으로 이 기고 금메달을 거머쥐었다.

partisan.
당파적.

partisan.
당원.

partisan.
빨치산.

cane.
회초리.

cane.
회초리로 때리다.

cane.
지팡이.

pepsi and coca-cola both have very distinct flavors.
펩시와 코카 콜라는 서로 아주 다른 맛을 가지고 있다.

ahorse.
독습서.

sheriff.
보안관.

validity.
타당성.

validity.
효력.

aha ! so that's where i left it !.
아하 ! 내가 그걸 저기 뒀구나 !.

emotionally disordered children.
정서 장애아들.

gee , daddy , you do not have to scowl at me.
오 , 아빠 , 아빠는 나에게 얼굴을 찡그리면 안돼요.

researches and applications of steel plate shear walls.
강판전단벽 구조에 대한 연구 및 적용사례.

agronomics.
농업 경영학.

socioeconomic characteristics of agro-touristic farm households and its implications in rural korea.
농촌관광 민박 경영체의 사회경제적 특성과 시사점.

agri(c)..
영농가.

agri(c)..
농학자.

nigerian authorities say larcenists were stealing oil from the pipeline in the waterside village of ilado when a spark triggered the blast.
나이지리아 당국은 강변 마을인 일라도에서 송유관이 폭발할 당시 절도범들이 송유관에서 석유를 훔치고 있었다면고 말했습니다.

enforcement of some laws in this city is lax.
이 도시에서 몇몇 법들은 엄격하게 시행되고 있지 않다.

europe's new economic climate has largely fostered the trend toward independence.
유럽의 새로운 경제적 풍토는 많은 독립 생활의 추세를 부추기고 있다.

wto.
더블유티오.

retained earnings provide the bulk of investment in small and medium-sized companies.
이익잉여금은 중소기업들에 다양한 투자를 제공한다.

agreeable.
기분이 좋은.

agreeable.
마뜩하다.

agreeable.
맞갖다.

pessimism , when you get used to it , is just as agreeable as optimism.
비관주의도 , 익숙해지면 , 낙관주의와 마찬가지로 마음에 든다.

agrarian.
농촌의.

agrarian.
농경 사회.

agrarian.
농병아리.

furthermore , certain of the items we requested in our purchase order were not shipped.
더우기 , 저희들이 요청한 상품 중 어떤 것은 선적되지도 않았습니다.

modular co-ordination in brick.
벽돌 척도 조정 연구.

agony.
고통.

agony.
아픔.

heretics were burned at the stake long ago.
이단자들이 오래전에 화형당했다.

stove.
난로.

stove.
가스레인지.

aglimmer.
어렴풋한 빛.

aglimmer.
희미한 빛.

aglimmer.
어스레한 빛.

unexpected.
의외의.

unexpected.
망외의.

agitate for unification.
통일에 찬성 운동을 하세요 !.

agitate against war !.
전쟁에 반대 운동을 하세요 !.

generalities in the decrease and aging of the agricultural labor force.
농업취업자 감소와 노령화의 법칙성.

socio-economic changes and fiscal policy issues , 2000.
2000년 국가예산과 정책목표 : 재정운용의 현안과제와 개선방향.

socio-economic impacts of population aging and policy issues.
인구고령화와 거시경제(경사연 협동연구과제).

deciding on accounting procedures is (in) the comptroller's domain.
회계 절차를 결정하는 것은 회계 감사관의 영역이다.

tomahawk.
토마호크.

catching a taxi in korea is difficult.
한국에서는 택시 잡기가 힘들다.

admiral harris said he believed people who committed suicide were planned and coordinated by the detainees.
해리스 제독은 , 자살한 세 사람이 같은 방안에 수감돼있었으며 , 함께 단식농성을 벌였다고 합니다.

cyclone.
사이클론 대피호.

cyclone.
사이클론.

cyclone.
선풍에 휩쓸리다.

severely.
호되게.

severely.
가차없이.

severely.
사정없이.

condemn.
규탄.

condemn.
매도하다.

condemn.
성토.

bre and its agenda might persist in some quarters.
bre와 그들이 주장하는 바는 한동안 지속될 것이다.

disposable materials and wastes are removed or burned after use.
일회용 재료나 쓰레기들은 사용된 후 제거되거나 태워진다.

rae died in 2006 , aged 75 , but the energy he displays here is prodigious.
75세인 2006년에 rae는 죽었지만 그가 여기서 보여준 에너지는 굉장했다.

orphan.
고아.

orphan.
부모 없는 아이.

orphan.
전쟁 고아.

yearly variation of the energy and water use of office buildings.
사무소 건축물의 에너지 및 상수소비량의 경년변화에 관한 연구.

yearly variation of the energy use of apartment building.
대구시 도심 공동주택의 에너지 경년 변화에 관한 연구.

tequila is located in the southwestern mexican state of jalisco and it's here that 98 percent of all tequila is manufactured.
데낄라 지방은 멕시코 남서부의 할리스코 주에 위치해 있으며 이곳에서 전체 데낄라의 98%가 생산되고 있습니다.

sherlock holmes was created by sir arthur conan doyle.
셜록홈즈는 아서 코난 도일 경에 의해 만들어졌다.

oneself.
스스로.

oneself.
자기.

plateau.
고원.

sanitary.
위생적.

toothpaste.
치약.

toothpaste.
치약을 짜다.

toothpaste.
미백치약.

he' s a 20-year veteran of the new york police department.
그는 뉴욕 경찰에서 20년 된 베테랑이다.

he' s an aficionado of french films.
그는 프랑스 영화광이다.

he' s got a rather mincing walk.
그는 다소 점잔 빼며 걷는 편이다.

he' s been worried that the government will introduce conscription ever since the war began.
전쟁이 시작된 이후 그는 정부가 징병제를 도입할 것이라는 점을 우려해 왔다.

par.
파.

par.
동등.

aftermath.
여파.

aftermath.
뒷일.

aftermath.
후사.

heinous crimes such as kidnapping and rape are increasing.
유괴 , 강간 등의 파렴치한 범죄가 늘고 있다.

religions through the ages , and still today , have been agents of repression , sexism , elitism , homophobia , and - most of all - conflict , war , and racial hatred.
여러 세대 동안 종교는 , 아니 오늘날까지도 , 억압 , 성 차별 , 엘리트주의 , 동선애 공포의 중요 행위자였고 - 무엇보다도 - 분쟁 , 전쟁 , 그리고 인종간 증오의 주요 행위자였습니다.

vincent van gogh is undoubtedly one of the greatest artists in modern art.
빈센트 반 고흐는 의심할 여지 없이 가장 뛰어난 현대 예술가 중의 한 사람이다.

aftercrop.
그루콩.

aftercrop.
그루팥.

aftercrop.
그루밭.

afro.
그녀는 아프리카계 미국인이다..

london's clubland.
런던의 클럽 거리.

barbara always joins company with the ceos.
바바라는 항상 최고경영자들과 어울린다.

barbara vine is the alter ego of the crime writer ruth rendell.
바바라 바인은 범죄 소설 작가 루스 렌델의 둘도 없는 친구이다.

barbara bode of the privately advertising-supported better business bureau foundation has been trying to answer some of these fears.
민간 자본의 광고 지원을 받고 있는 상업 개선 협회 재단의 바바라 보디는 이러한 문제점 중 일부에 대한 대책을 알려주고 있는데요.

resident housing satisfaction in multi - family housing environments in korea.
한국 공동 주택에 있어서의 거주자의 주거만족 : 환경설계분야에서의 인과모형의 응용.

brenda wright has accepted the student employment/payroll coordinator position in the library office and will begin working here on march 1.
브렌다 라이트 씨가 도서관 사무실의 학생 취업 및 임금 조정직 자리를 수락하고 3월 1일부로 이곳에서 일하게 되었습니다.

harmless.
해가 없는.

harmless.
무해하다.

harmless.
악의 없는.

al-zawahiri said every soldier should disobey orders to kill muslims in pakistan and afghanistan.
알 자와히리는 모든 군인들이 파키스탄과 아프가니스탄 내 회교도들을 살해하라는 명령에 복종하지 말아야 한다고 말했습니다.

physicians for human rights (phr) issued a report on the plight of afghan women.
인권을 위한 의사협회(phr)은 아프가니스탄 여성들의 곤경에 대한 보고서를 발행했다.

pretended.
강-.

pretended.
가-.

pretended.
친절을 가장하고.

chauffeur.
운전사.

chauffeur.
기사.

chauffeur.
승용차의 운전 기사.

prevailing.
업종별 임금.

prevailing.
탁월풍.

prevailing.
직종별 임금.

midst.
한창일 때.

midst.
폭풍이 한창일 때.

midst.
도회지 복판에.

dwindle.
점점 줄다.

dwindle.
줄어들다.

dwindle.
줄다.

unspecified appropriate actions.
만약 영국이 미국 항공 회사들이 펼치는 경쟁에 대한 제약을 종식시키기 위해 진지하게 협상에 임하지 않으면 , 미국은 " 밝히지 않은 적절한 " 조처를 취할 것이다.

speedy method - follow directions above except omit biscuit topping.
닌텐도의 마리오에 대항하기 위해 만들어진 sega사의 빠른 고슴도치는 현재 미국의 어린이들에게 미키 마우스보다 잘 알려져 있습니다.

speedy printers will be in the second building on your right.
오른 편 두 번째 빌딩에 스피디 프린터스라는 샵이 보일 거예요.

marijuana.
마리화나.

marijuana.
마리화나를 피우다.

accordingly , fruit and vegetables are sold wholesale at covent garden market and meat is sold wholesale at smithfield market.
따라서 과일과 야채는 코번트 가든 시장에서 도매로 판매되고 육류는 스미스필드 시장에서 도매로 판매된다.

bees are important for the pollination of flowers.
벌은 꽃의 수분을 위해 중요하다.

cbs was quick to apologize to viewers.
cbs는 시청자들에게 사과하는 것이 빨랐다.

afferent.
수입혈관.

afferent.
구심신경.

correlation of condensation heat transfer inside small diameter tube-in-tube heat exchanger.
tube-in-tube 미세관내 응축열전달 일반관계식.

stern.
준엄하다.

stern.
지엄하다.

oryun refers to justice and righteousness between king and subject ; affection between father and son ; etiquette between husband and wife ; discrimination between young and old.
오륜은 왕과 신하의 사이의 정의와 청렴강직함 , 아버지와 아들사이에서의 정 , 남편과 아내 사이에서의 도리 , 젊은이와 나이든 사람간의 식별을 말한다.

oryun refers to justice and righteousness between king and subject ; affection between father and son ; etiquette between husband and wife ; discrimination between young and old.
오륜은 왕과 신하의 사이의 정의와 청렴강직함 , 아버지와 아들사이에서의 정 , 남편과 아내 사이에서의 도리 , 젊은이와 나이든 사람간의 식별 을 말한다.

righteousness.
정의.

righteousness.
의.

poke.
쑤시다.

poke.
우비다.

hip-hop has come a long way since its first beginnings in harlem.
힙합은 처음 할렘가에서 생겨난 이래로 크게 진보해왔다.

aesthetician.
미학자.

another. benjamin barbara phrased it in another way.
벤저민 바바라는 그 내용을 달리 표현했습니다.

mit biologist rudolf jaenisch says these and other genetic misfires suggest that cloning humans would be a crap shoot.
mit 생물학자 루돌프 야니쉬씨는 이런 저런 유전자 조작의 실패는 인간 복제가 위험 천만한 일임을 암시한다고 말하고 있습니다.

aerosol filtration by electret and electrostatic filters.
정전필터의 종류와 특징.

gucci's co-exist with aerosoles. shopping magazines are nothing new in places like japan.
구찌 제품은 잡지에 (저렴한 가격의) 에어로솔 제품과 나란히 게재됩니다. 일본 등지에서는 이러한 쇼핑 전문 잡지들이 전혀 새로울 것이 없습니다.

precision lathes whittled away and reshaped blocks of steel into useful forms.
정밀 선반들은 강철 덩어리들을 조금씩 잘라내면서 유용한 형태로 모양을 만들어 냈다.

aeropolitics.
국제항공정책.

boundaries have no meaning among citizens of the world.
경계는 국제인에게 아무런 의미를 가지지 않는다.

rolls is best known for founding the rolls-royce company in 1904 , but he was already a keen aeronaut , first in balloons and later in aeroplanes.
롤스씨는 1904년 롤스로이스사를 창립한 것으로 가장 잘 알려져 있습니다. 그렇지만 그는 이미 열정적인 비행선 조종사이기도 했습니다. 처음에는 열기구.

rolls is best known for founding the rolls-royce company in 1904 , but he was already a keen aeronaut , first in balloons and later in aeroplanes.
에 , 나중에는 항공기에 탑승했었죠.

aeromedicine.
항공 의학.

aerofoil.
에어포일.

leonardo da vinci's most famous painting , the mona lisa hangs in the louvre.
레오나르도 다빈치의 가장 유명한 작품인 모나리자가 루브르 박물관에 전시되어 있습니다.

lipid , carbohydrates and proteins are the principal structural material of cells.
지방 , 탄수화물 , 단백질은 세포를 구성하는 중요한 물질이다.

compliance.
주문에 따라.

compliance.
요망에 따라.

compliance.
약속에 따라서.

caloric.
칼로리 섭취량.

caloric.
열기관.

caloric.
칼로리[식사] 제한.

handbag.
핸드백.

handbag.
손가방.

handbag.
핸드백을 가로채다.

aerialrefueling.
공중급유.

aerator.
탄산가스 포화기.

aerator.
통풍기.

aerator.
급기장치.

aeolotropic.
이방성의.

clytemnestra was a mother whose daughter was about to marry the famous achilles.
클리템네스트라는 유명한 아킬레우스와 곧 결혼할 딸의 어머니였다.

strengthen.
강장하게 하다.

strengthen.
견고히 하다.

flowing characteristics of ice-slurry in slope tube.
경사관내에서 아이스슬러리의 유동특성.

railroads were the unchallenged leader in transportation for a hundred years.
철도는 수송 수단에서 100년 동안 부동의 선도적인 역할을 했다.

unmarried.
미혼의.

unmarried.
남편 없는.

unmarried.
독신의.

advocaat seems very aware that it will be a bumpy road to the round of 16 in germany.
아드보카트는 독일에서 16강 진출은 험한 길이 될 것이라는 것을 매우 잘 알고 있는 듯 했다.

dissertation.
논문.

dissertation.
학위논문.

samuel offered u.n. assistance in helping the country's transition back to democracy.
사무엘 자문관은 이에 앞서 네팔의 민주주의 이행을 위한 유엔의 지원을 제안했습니다.

maoist rebels in nepal have released eight of 11 soldiers who they kidnapped thursday despite declaring a three-month cease-fire.
네팔에서 마오쩌둥주의 반군들은 지난 목요일 휴전 선언에도 불구하고 납치했던 11명의 네팔 군인들 가운데 8명을 29일 석방했습니다.

schweitzer advised ranchers who lose their land to foreclosure , not to leave their homes.
슈바이처는 땅을 차압당한 농장주들에게 집을 떠나지 말라고 조언했다.

advg..
자기 선전.

fireworks are not expected ; the stockmarket is expected to remain stable.
급등이 예상되진 않지만 주식시장은 안정세를 유지할것으로 보인다.

simon girty was kidnapped by a tribe of indians in 1755.
사이먼 거티는 1755년 한 인디언 부족에게 납치되었다.

cheerful.
쾌활하다.

cheerful.
흥겹다.

cheerful.
기운 있는.

adv..
부사구.

adv..
부사적 속격.

adv..
very quickly indeed는 부사구이다.

adv..
speak quietly에서는 부사인 quietly가 수식어이다.

adv..
run fast에서 부사 fast는 후치 수식어이다.

pc dictation systems , though , have to recognize 250 , 000 words or more.
pc 받아쓰기 시스템은 25만 이상의 단어를 인식해야만 한다.

advection.
수평대류.

cd-rws have the obvious advantage of being able to be used over and over.
cd-rw는 몇 면이고 재사용할 수 있다는 분명한 이점을 가지고 있습니다.

washer.
세탁기.

washer.
세탁기를 돌리다.

hanno wrote of dense tropical forests , erupting volcanoes , and hairy savages.
한노는 빽빽한 열대 지역의 숲 , 분출하는 화산 , 그리고 거친 미개인들에 대해 기록했다.

absorbent and refrigerant of absorption chiller.
흡수식 냉동기의 흡수제 및 냉매.

supposedly whimsical fantasy by woody allen feels forced and underdeveloped.
우디 앨런의 엉뚱한 판타지 영화는 작위적이고 개발이 덜 된 듯한 인상을 주는 것으로 생각된다.

elijah admits that being treated like an adult all the time was hard.
엘리야는 언제나 어른 취급을 받는 것이 힘들었다고 털어놓는다.

ethanol burns cleaner than gasoline and when blended into e85 , results in a fuel with a 100 + octane rating , and delivers a 5% increase in engine hp.
에탄올은 휘발유보다 오염 물질을 덜 배출하며 , 휘발유와 섞어 e85로 만들 경우 옥탄가 100 이상의 연료가 되며 , 엔진 마력이 5% 증가한다.

ethanol burns cleaner than gasoline and when blended into e85 , results in a fuel with a 100 + octane rating , and delivers a 5% increase in engine horsepower.
에탄올은 휘발유보다 오염 물질을 덜 배출하며 , 휘발유와 섞어 e85로 만들 경우 옥탄가 100 이상의 연료가 되며 , 엔진 마력이 5% 증가한다.

bosnia is shut off from the adriatic by the mountains.
보스니아는 아드리아 해와 산맥으로 분리되어 있다.

adrenalin.
아드레날린.

adrenalin was injected into the muscle.
아드레날린이 근육 속에 주사되었다.

congenital.
선천적.

congenital.
선천성 백혈병.

congenital.
배냇병신.

adornment.
치장.

adornment.
장식.

adornment.
치레.

corinthian pillars and pilasters support the ceiling , and discoloured stucco roses adorn the walls.
코린트식의 기둥과 벽기둥은 천장을 받치고 있고 , 변색된 치장벽토로 칠해진 장미들이 벽을 장식한다.

corinthian columns/capitals.
코린트식 기둥/주두(고대 건축에서 장식된 기둥의 상부).

betts is a democrat , not a republican.
벳츠는 공화당이 아닌 민주당원이었다.

verbally.
구두로.

verbally.
폭언을 하다.

verbally.
폭언을 듣다.

cost-effectiveness of an industrialized apartment construction projrct - indoor plumbing system.
공업화공법 시범사업의 성과분석 : 배관설비.

choke.
옥죄다.

choke.
메다.

choke back your outrage and think about more important things.
분노를 억누르고 더 중요한 것을 생각해라.

alaska became the 49th state of the united states in 1959.
알래스카는 1959년 미국의 49번째 주가 되었다.

comparing boll to ed wood is doing a disservice to wood.
볼과 에드 우드를 비교하는 것은 우드를 해치는 것과 같다.

adolescence is a critical period for the development of personality.
청소년기는 인격 형성에 매우 중요한 시기다.

adolescence is an important period during which one's future is much influenced.
청소년기는 사람의 미래를 결정하는 중요한 시기다.

depict.
기술.

progression.
수열.

adoing.
짓거리.

adoing.
수선을 떨면서.

adoing.
이것저것 할 것 없이.

promises are like piecrust , made to be broken.
약속은 파이 껍질처럼 깨지기 마련이다.

macintosh.
매킨토시.

macintosh.
레인코트.

comforting others redeemed him from his own despair.
남들을 위로함으로써 그 자신의 절망에서도 구출되었다.

elizabeth adeney is neither wizened nor crone-like.
elizabeth adeney는 주름도 별로 없고 노인 같이 보이지도 않는다.

reluctantly.
아까운 듯이.

reluctantly.
망설이면서.

reluctantly.
본의 아니게.

melamine is usually used in the manufacture of plastic and fertilizers.
멜라민은 보통 플라스틱과 접착제 제조에 사용됩니다.

narcissus.
수선화.

narcissus.
황수선.

possession.
보유.

possession.
빙의.

lace your waist in before you try bungee jumping.
번지점프를 하기 전에 허리를 끈으로 졸라매라.

retiring prime minister phan van khai says investigators have concentrated too much on average employees and failed to attack corruption by senior state officials.
판반카이 전 총리는 수사당국이 일반 공무원들의 비리에만 집중하고 고위 관리들의 부정부패에는 제대로 대처하지 못하고 있다고 말했습니 다.

constancy.
지조.

constancy.
절개.

constancy.
항심.

administratrix.
유산관리인.

administratrix.
관재인.

administratrix.
유산 관리인.

adm.
디엠.

adjt. (gen.).
고급 부관.

migrant.
이민자.

numb.
저리다.

berbatov was the creator of the second goal.
베르바토프는 두번째 골의 창시자였다.

trusted domains , spns allow servers to use a suffix that may be different from the dns name of their domain.
서버는 서비스 사용자 이름(spn)을 사용하여 자신을 확인하며 , 서비스 사용자 이름은 대개 서버의 전체 dns 이름입니다. 외부로부터 트러스.

trusted domains , spns allow servers to use a suffix that may be different from the dns name of their domain.
트된 도메인에 대해서는 , spn이 서버에게 도메인의 dns 이름과 다른 접미사를 사용하도록 허용합니다.

dismissal.
해고.

dismissal.
기각.

dismissal.
해임.

adjoining.
이웃의.

adjoining.
옆집의.

adjoining.
다음의.

adjacency.
인접지.

m..
초고속도로.

m..
소방대장.

m..
헌병대장.

m..
피마.

m..
웅장.

m..
존엄.

adios , mexico !.
안녕 ! 멕시코야 !.

puritan.
청교도.

puritan.
청교도적인.

puritan.
청교도혁명.

discretion , and complete loyalty.
블랙 씨는 1998년 3월부터 올해 9월까지 제 개인 비서로 있으면서 유능하고 부지런하며 , 사려 깊고 성실하게 직무를 수행했습니다.

outlier.
방외인.

adenoid.
아데노이드.

nucleotide monomers consist of 3 portions.
뉴클레오티즈 단량체는 3개의 부분으로 구성되어 있습니다.

perishable items should be inspected frequently for signs of spoilage.
썩기 쉬운 제품들은 부패의 징후를 자주 검사해야 한다.

addressee.
수신인.

addressee.
수취인.

trifle.
손장난하다.

trifle.
흐늘거리다.

trifle.
작은 일.

adder.
살무사.

adder.
잉여검사부가산기.

mash up artists use computer software to cut and paste together different parts of the songs to create the most fluid or jarring combinations.
매시 업 장르의 음악가들은 가장 유려하거나 가장 부자연스러운 음을 조합해 내려고 컴퓨터 소프트웨어를 이용해 노래들의 여기 저기를 자 르거나 서로 이어 붙이는 작업을 한다.

adaption.
개작.

semiotic interpretation of architecture-application to the korean traditional residences.
건축의 기호론적 해석-조선시대 상류주택에의 적용.

transport system lipoproteins have water-soluble protein sections and water-insoluble lipid sections.
운반 시스템 리포 단백질들은 물에 녹는 단백질 부분과 물에 녹지 않는 지방질 부분을 가지고 있어요.

transport costs in africa are twice that of asia.
아프라카에서의 운송비용은 아시아의 두 배다.

transport properties and fatigue phenomena of woven fabrics for cleanroom garment in semiconductor industrial environments.
반도체산업용 방진복 소재의 토랜스포트특성 및 피로도.

anthropologists in the 20th century thought about culture in a different way.
20세기 인류학자들은 문화를 다르게 생각했다.

demonstrations were held as a gesture of solidarity with the hunger strikers.
단식 투쟁을 벌이는 사람들에 대한 연대의 표시로 시위들이 벌어졌다.

demonstrations demanding economic aid from bonn have erupted in at least five cities over the past week.
서독으로부터의 경제 원조를 요구하는 시위가 지난주 동안 최소 5개 도시에서 일어났다.

persuade.
설득.

persuade.
타이르다.

loneliness is another idea explored by steinbeck.
외로움은 스타인벡에 의해 탐험된 또 다른 생각이다.

acupunctural.
침술.

acupunctural.
침을 맞다.

applicability of econometrc models in urban analysis : sources of bias in discrete choice models.
도시계획에 있어서 계량모형의 응용.

applicability statement for ip mobility support.
ip이동성 지원을 위한 요구사항.

deception.
기만.

deception.
속임수.

deception.
조삼모사.

actualize.
현실화하다.

actualize.
분배 정의를 실현하다.

actuality.
진상.

actuality.
실상.

actuality.
현유.

edna stays married because divorce was unheard of in those days.
에드나는 기혼상태로 머물렀는데 , 그때는 이혼이 아주 드물었기 때문이었다.

transplant advance since the 1970s , medical advances have increased the survival rate for recipients of heart , kidney and other organ transplants.
이식술의 발전 의학의 발달로 1970년대부터 심장과 신장 , 그리고 다른 장기를 이식받은 환자들의 생존률이 높아졌습니다.

derive.
파생.

caliber is the size of the actual bullet.
구경은 실제 총알의 크기이다.

screenplay.
시나리오.

screenplay.
각본.

hum.
흥얼거리다.

henri paul appeared 'a little tipsy' on the night of the crash.
헨리 폴은 사고가 있던날 밤 약간 취해 보였다.

bidding.
입찰.

bidding.
입찰제.

bidding.
담합 입찰을 하다.

lava bubbled a few feet below the lip of the crater.
분화구 가장자리 몇 피트 아래에서 용암이 부글거렸다.

rosa seems like a very active person at first appearance.
rosa는 언뜻 보기에는 매우 활발한 사람으로 보인다.

actionradius.
행동반경.

regulator.
저항 가감기.

regulator.
자동 조정기.

regulator.
가스 조절기.

beige pants had a nice appearance , but they could not be sold separately from the set.
베이지색 바지가 좋아 보였지만 바지만 따로 팔지는 않는단다.

acrophobia.
고소공포증.

acrophobia.
고소 공포증.

rok.
한국 제1군.

hiv aids is an acronym for acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
hiv aids는 인간의 후천성 면역 결핍증을 나타내는 두문자어이다.

darkness.
어둠.

darkness.
암흑.

darkness.
어두움.

darkness can symbolize a few couple of things.
어두움은 몇가지를 상징할 수 있다.

chaplin's slapstick acrobatics made him very famous.
채플린의 희극적인 곡예는 그를 아주 유명하게 만들었어요.

stair.
층계.

stair.
뒷 계단.

mime.
무언극.

wildfire.
요원의 불길처럼 번지다.

sexually transmitted diseases are very hard to control.
성병은 매우 통제하기 어렵습니다.

acquisitive.
소유욕이 강한.

acquisitive.
소유 본능.

acquisitive.
취득 본능.

poppy.
양귀비.

poppy.
앵속.

poppy.
앵속화.

dba.
음향효과.

aconite.
흰바곳.

aconite.
바곳.

aconite.
초오.

superiority.
우위.

superiority.
우수성.

ack.
약탈.

acidhead.
환각제상용자.

lsd can be absorbed through the skin.
lsd는 피부를 통해 흡수될 수 있다.

hephaestus , the god of fire , is the smith whom forged achilles' shield.
헤파이스토스 , 불의 신은 아킬레우스의 방패를 만든 대장장이이다.

tendon injuries : tendons can be injured by direct trauma , causing sprain or tear , or by repetitive motion , resulting in tendonitis.
힘줄 부상 : 힘줄은 직접적인 외상에 의해 염좌 혹은 찢어짐 혹은 반복적인 움직임에 의해 건염을 일으키며 부상을 당할 수 있습니다.

fathers hums his babies to slip.
아빠는 콧노래로 아이를 잠재운다.

achene.
수과.

acetimeter.
초산비중계.

acetate.
아세테이트.

acetabulum.
관골구.

acetabulum.
빨판.

acetabulum.
흡반.

blankets were distributed free of charge to flood victims.
수재민들에게 모포가 무상으로 배급되었다.

stallone is the king of witty banter.
stallone은 재치있는 농담의 황제이다.

accurately identifying between the fake-good group and the honest group was very difficult ; while identifying those who were faking bad was very easy.
모조품 그룹과 진품그룹을 정확히 구별하기란 어려웠습니다만 사람들을 속이는 것이 나쁘다는 사실을 확인하는 것은 너무나 쉬웠습니다.

punctuation.
구두법.

accurate oven temperature and bake time are critical.
정확한 오븐 온도와 조리 시간은 중요하다.

optical-glass lenses focus light for more accurate vision.
광학렌즈는 시각적으로 더욱 정확하게 보여주기 위해 빛을 집중시킨다.

accuracy is a hallmark of good scholarship.
정확성은 훌륭한 학문의 특징이다.

acc.
누산기.

acc.
어큐뮬레이터.

cargo is being loaded onto the plane.
화물이 비행기에 적재되고 있다.

cargo is carried on ships , airplanes and trucks.
화물은 배 , 비행기 , 트럭으로 운반된다.

accumulate.
누적.

drudge.
고역을 치르다.

drudge.
종처럼 일하다.

wow , who's that hunk you just said hello to ?.
와 , 네가 방금 인사한 저 멋진 남자 누구니 ?.

wow ! cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey !.
와 ! 무지 춥네 !.

wow ! parents being held accountable for their offspring.
와우 ! 부모들은 그들의 자식을 위해 책임을 진다.

wow ! that's kind of strange. did you tell her about the dream ?.
그럴 수가 ! 참 이상하군요. 할머니께 꿈 얘기를 했나요 ?.

shopkeeper.
장사꾼.

shopkeeper.
가게 보는 사람.

shopkeeper.
상점 주인.

macedonia could be a tinderbox for a wider balkan conflict.
마케도니아는 확산되는 발칸 분쟁의 불씨지역이다.

blockade.
봉쇄.

blockade.
격절.

romania's collapse was a fait accomplishment long before the death of its leader.
루마니아의 붕괴는 그 나라 지도자가 죽기 오래 전부터 기정 사실이었다.

accompanist.
반주자.

choral.
코랄.

curriculum.
커리큘럼.

curriculum.
교과과정.

curriculum.
교육과정.

acclimate.
풍토에 익숙해지다.

acclimate.
새로운 환경에 길나다.

tu.
툴륨.

mama , i want to go out and play.
엄마 , 나 밖에 나가서 놀고 싶어요.

mama said that i and i dissed the program.
어머니는 내가 도리를 어겼다고 말합니다.

vietnamese.
베트남 말.

vietnamese.
월남말.

vietnamese.
베트남 사람.

'%s' is not a domain controller and therefore can not be a password export server.
'%s'은(는) 도메인 컨트롤러가 아니므로 암호 내보내기 서버로 사용될 수 없습니다.

sandy , what time do you have ?.
샌디 , 몇 시예요 ?.

sandy hung in for merry's guardian.
샌디는 메리와 관리인 일을 교체했다.

mobility.
기동력.

mobility.
기동성.

directorship.
그의 이사 임기는 내년에 끝난다..

pedal.
페달.

pedal.
페달을 밟다.

accelerated exposure tests for corrosion-degradation prediction of steel bridge paintings.
강교용 도장의 잔존수명 추정을 위한 부식촉진실험.

accede.
들어주다.

morphology of building mass , site , planning and acces to collective housing in germany and its relationship with external factors.
독일 집합주택 계획에서 나타난 건물형태 , 배치 , 진출입공간의 형태론과 결정인자에 관한 고찰.

bullock.
소.

bullock.
불깐 소.

bullock.
거세우.

academism.
아카데미즘.

acad.
잡놈.

acad.
생마새끼.

acad.
비열한.

abyssal rivers flow with silent majesty.
깊은 강은 고요하고 장중하게 흐른다.

winston churchill was born on november 30 , 1874 in oxfordshire.
윈스턴 처칠은 1874년 11월 30일 옥스퍼트셔에서 태어났습니다.

winston churchill warned the english people that if they gave in to the nazis , they would sink into the abyss of a new dark age.
윈스턴 처칠은 영국 국민들이 나치에 굴복한다면 " 새로운 암흑시대의 심연으로 빠져들 것 " 이라고 경고했다.

abutting.
접하다.

abuser.
마약 남용자.

abuser.
마약남용자.

omar bravo gave mexico a 1-0 lead in the 28th minute sunday , before yahya golmohammadi drew the score for iran eight minutes later.
이날 멕시코의 오마르 브라보가 전반 28분만에 선취골을 뽑아 1대 0으로 앞섰으나 8분뒤 이란의 야히아 골모하마디가 한골을 집어넣어 동점을 이루었습니 다.

450 oyster and abalone farms have been contaminated and all their stock has been destroyed.
450개의 굴과 전복 양식장은 오염되었고 모든 저장물이 파괴되었습니다.

abstruse.
난해하다.

abstruse.
심원하다.

abstruse.
유현.

abstention.
기권.

abstention.
기권율.

abstention.
기권 방지.

abstention from alcohol is essential while you are taking this medication.
이 약을 복용하는 동안에는 꼭 술을 삼가해야 한다.

herbivorous dinosaurs.
초식 공룡.

net income is income after expenses have been deducted.
순수입은 제반비용을 제외한 후의 수입이다.

acoustical performance of houses and subjective responsesabout aircraft noise.
항공기 소음에 대한 주택의 음향성능 및 주관적 반응.

scalar multiplication.
큰실꾸리고둥.

bouillon.
맑은장국.

tentacles of fear closed around her body.
공포의 촉수가 그녀의 몸을 에워쌌다.

absolve.
책임을 해제하다.

absolutetemperature.
절대 온도.

picturesque.
그림 같은.

picturesque.
회화적인.

absentminded.
무심.

absentminded.
넋이 없다.

heaslip was absent when it mattered most.
heaslip 는 꼭 있어야 할때 빠졌다.

absenteeism.
상습적인 무단결근.

absenteeism.
집단 결근.

absenteeism.
결근율.

profitability influence factor analysis by apartment remodeling case study.
공동주택 리모델링 사례조사를 통한 수익성 영향요인 분석.

lance.
창.

lance.
째다.

lance.
종기를 째다.

obsess.
집착.

o henry concludes his story by declaring bella and jim to be not only foolish because of their unnecessary sacrifice , but also the wisest of all who give gifts as they represent the true spirit of selfless giving.
오 헨리는 벨라와 짐이 그들의 불필요한 희생 때문에 바보 같다고 할 뿐만 아니라 이기적이지 않는 베푸는 것에 대한 진정한 정신을 보여주는 선물을 준 점 에 대해 두 사람이 가장 현명하기도 하다고 결론지었습니다.

bangkok may be best known for wat phra kaew and the grand palace.
방콕은 왓 프라 케우(에메랄드 사원) 와 대 궁전으로 가장 잘 알려져 있어요.

downstream in burma and thailand , environmental organizations also want more information from the chinese government.
버마와 태국의 하류 부문인 환경단체는 또한 중국 정부로 부터의 더 많은 정보를 요구하고 있다.

abreaction.
정화 작용.

moses had a special covenant with god.
모세는 하나님과 특별한 서약을 맺었다.

moses was the deliverer of the israelites from egypt.
모세는 이스라엘 사람들을 이집트에서 구출한 사람이다.

cushion.
쿠션.

cushion.
완충작용을 하다.

cushion.
둔육.

choosy.
까다롭다.

choosy.
까탈스럽다.

choosy.
나는 까다롭지 않아요..

abortive.
낙태아.

abortive.
낙태약.

abortive.
불성공.

unborn.
송치.

unborn.
태아세례.

unborn.
태점.

aboon.
은택.

desolation.
황락.

desolation.
황무.

yeti.
설인.

yeti is said to be an elusive , hairy , man-like creature which has claimed lives in tibet.
예티는 정체불명의 털이 많고 사람을 닮은 생물로 , 티벳인들의 목숨을 앗아간 것으로 알려져 있다.

abolition.
폐지.

abolition.
철폐.

abolition.
폐기.

wilberforce was a great british social reformer who fought for the abolition of the slave trade.
윌버포스는 노예 무역의 폐지를 위해 싸운 영국의 위대한 사회개혁가였다.

segregation did not comport the law of god.
그녀는 남편의 장례식에서 대단히 위엄 있게 행동했다.

ivanov said today the 700-million-dollar deal for 29 tor-m one missile systems will carry into effect , barring extraordinary circumstances.
이바노프 장관은 7억 달러 규모의 토르-엠 원 미사일 29기 판매를 비상상황이 벌어지지 않는한 그대로 시행될 것이라고 말했습니다.

houseboat.
수상 가옥.

karl filed a caveat against exposure of his privacy over the media.
칼은 매스컴에 그의 사생활을 노출하는 것에 대해 절차 정지를 신청하였다.

caitlin was born with a life-threatening heart abnormality.
초음파 검사는 유전적 이상을 점검하는 데 뿐 아니라 태아의 월령을 측정하는 데에도 도움을 준다.

punishing.
제발 자학하지 마세요..

punishing.
벌을 주다.

locate.
행방을 알아내다.

locate.
처소를 찾아내다.

ablution is carried out as part of some religious ceremonies.
세정식이 종교 의식의 일부로서 행해진다.

abject.
천루하다.

abject.
비루하다.

abject.
천루.

claw.
발톱으로 할퀴다.

claw.
발톱.

claw.
할퀴다.

athlete's foot can cause itching , redness , scaling , cracks , blisters.
무좀 걸리면 간지럽고 , 피부가 빨개지고 , 벗겨지고 , 갈라지고 , 물집이 생기지.

niece.
조카.

niece.
조카딸.

niece.
질녀.

adams).
인내의 기술을 배워라. 목표를 달성할 수 있을지 마음이 불안해 질 때 , 단련한 대로 마음을 다스려라. 인내하지 못하면 긴장감과 두려움이 생기고 낙담해.

adams).
용기와 인내가 가진 마법 같은 힘은 어려움과 장애물을 사라지게 한다는 것이다. (존 애덤스 , 용기명언).

adams).
실패한다. 인내할 줄 알아야 자신감 , 결단력 , 합리적 시각이 생겨서 끝내 성공할 수 있다. (브라이언 아담스 , 인내명언).

gypsies and most travelling people lead law-abiding and respectful lives ; most live in harmony with their local communities.
집시들과 대부분의 유랑인들은 법을 준수하며 예의바르게 지낸다. 그러므로 그들 대부분은 지역 공동체들과 조화를 이루며 살아간다.

abhorrer.
사위스럽다.

abhorrer.
죽기보다 싫다.

abhorrer.
증오할.

abhor.
질색.

undecided.
미결의.

undecided.
불확정.

abe will serve a three-year term as ldp president and naturally succeed koizumi as japan's next prime minister.
아베는 3년간 자민당의 당수로 , 그리고 고이즈미에 이어 차기 일본 총리직을 승계할 것이다.

abe says a calm response is necessary , and says contacts between japan and south korea are taking place.
아베 장관은 침착한 반응이 필요하다면서 , 일본과 한국간의 접촉이 이루어지고 있다고 말했습니다.

storming out of her room , she went slap into luke.
방을 뛰쳐나가던 그녀는 루크와 정면으로 쾅 부딪쳤다.

malnutrition is common in some poor countries.
영양실조는 일부 빈곤한 나라들에서 보통 있는 일이다.

lymph plays a role in transporting food , water and oxygen to the cells , as well as absorbing and carrying away waste products.
림프는 폐기물을 버리고 흡수할 뿐만 아니라 음식 , 물 그리고 산소를 세포로 운송하는 역할을 합니다.

mortuary.
영안실.

mortuary.
빈소.

mortuary.
병원 영안실에 시신을 안치하다.

albert einstein's theory of time travel is basically theory of relativity.
시간 여행의 알버트 아인슈타인 이론은 기본적으로 상대성의 이론이다.

roving.
이동성의.

roving.
조방사.

roving.
바람기가 있는 남자.

pub prices in london have remained robust , he said.
런던의 술집에서 파는 가격은 여전히 그 자리를 지키고 있다 고 그가 말했다.

abbreviated report of the programming research for the enhancement of the international competitiveness of the domestic architectural practices and.
건축 실무 및 교육 국제경쟁력 강화방안연구 기획보고서 요약.

statehood.
주로 승격되다.

thursday's raid came after months of contention between the protesters and the south korean government.
목요일의 경찰 투입은 반대자들과 한국 정부간의 수개월에 걸친 분쟁 끝에 이루어진 것입니다.

abb grain has agreed to a $1.6 billion takeover offer by a canadian grain company.
abb grain사는 캐나다의 곡물 회사가 제안한 16억을 인계받는데 동의했다.

abattoirs are an important source of local employment.
도살장은 지역 취업의 중요한 원천입니다.

abash.
겸연쩍다.

abash.
계면쩍다.

abash.
면구하다.

abandoned.
폐광되다.

abandoned.
폐광.

abandoned.
제안을 철회하다.

damn it's been so long since i heard your voice last summer.
지난 여름 이후 정말 오랜만에 당신 목소리를 들어보는군.

oyster beds , on the mudflats , are a form of fish farming.
개펄에 있는 굴 양식장은 양식 어장의 한 형태이다.

dumping.
염매.

dumping.
투매.

dumping.
쓰레기장.

regis and joy were taken aback.
리지스와 조이는 당황했다.

valencia winger david silva , almeria striker alvaro negredo and tottenham's aaron lennon are all thought to be on benitez's radar.
발렌시아의 윙어 다비드 실바 , 알메리아의 스트라이커 알바로 네그레도 그리고 토트넘의 아론 레넌은 모두 베니테즈의 레이더에 포착되었었다.

valencia winger david silva , almeria striker alvaro negredo and tottenham's aaron lennon are all thought to be on benitez's radar.
발렌시아의 윙어 다비드 실바 , 알메리아의 스트라이커 알바로 네그레도 그리고 토트넘의 아론 레넌은 모두 베니테즈의 레이더에 포착되었었 다.

harpoon.
작살.

harpoon.
작살을 쏘다.

harpoon.
포경포.

stag hunting is no way to control the stag population.
숫사슴사냥은 숫사슴 개체수를 통제할수 있는 방법이 전혀 못된다.

hen.
암탉.

hen you fight with your friends , how do you feel ?.
친구와 다투었을 때 , 어떤 기분이 들죠 ?.

burger found that mice in which pp1 was inhibited did better on learning and memory tests than other mice did.
버거박사는 pp1이 차단된 쥐들은 다른 쥐들보다 학습과 기억력 테스트에서 월등하다는 사실을 발견했다.

burger king's new ad angers mexico burger king's advertisement for its new tex-mex style hamburgers has angered mexican officials recently.
멕시코를 화나게 한 버거킹의 새 광고 버거킹의 새 텍스-멕스 스타일 햄버거를 위한 광고가 최근 멕시코 당국을 화나게 만들었다.

bystreet.
곁길.

bystanders claim they were manhandled by security guards.
옆에서 지켜보던 사람들은 경비원들이 자기들을 거칠게 밀쳤다고 주장한다.

byron told polidori to use the manuscript any way he wanted , and polidori took it back to england , finished the story , and had it published.
바이런은 폴리도리에게 그 원고를 마음대로 사용하라고 말했으며 , 폴리도리는 그 원고를 가지고 영국으로 돌아와 이야기를 끝맺은 뒤에 책으로 출간했다.

confined.
협소하다.

confined.
협착하다.

defrost.
(창문의) 서리를 제거하다.

defrost.
해동.

defrost.
냉동실의 성에를 제거하다.

feudalistic thought is now the relic of a bygone age.
봉건사상은 구시대의 유물이다.

byelorussia.
백러시아.

ken clarke has been an cogent commentator recently.
켄 클락은 최근들어 설득력 있는 논평가로 자리매김하고 있습니다.

good-bye till tomorrow. or i will be seeing you tomorrow.
내일 또 만납시다.

shave.
면도.

shave.
수염을 깎다.

striptease.
스트립쇼.

striptease.
누드쇼.

butyrate.
부르티산 망간.

buttonhole.
휘갑을 치다.

buttonhole.
단춧구멍.

buttonhole.
간곡히 만류하다.

dialing instructions are on the telephone.
통화 안내문은 전화에 붙어 있습니다.

popcorn.
팝콘.

popcorn.
옥수수를 튀기다.

popcorn.
팝콘을 튀기다.

old-fashioned racism is the overt display of bigoted views.
시대에 뒤떨어지는 인종차별주의는 편협한 관점을 명백하게 보여주는 것이다.

napoleon started his expedition to egypt in 1798.
나폴레옹은 1798년에 이집트 원정 길에 올랐다.

butchery.
도살.

butchery.
도축.

butchery.
도륙.

butcher.
백정.

butcher.
잡아먹다.

upbeat sound of samulnori heightened the excitement of the event.
사물놀이의 흥겨운 가락이 행사장의 흥취를 돋우었다.

butane.
부탄가스.

butane.
부탄.

brazen.
놋쇠로 만든.

brazen.
뻔뻔하다.

brazen.
유들유들하다.

housework consists of cleaning , cooking , and doing the laundry.
집안일은 청소 , 요리 , 세탁으로 되어있다.

robber.
강도.

robber.
도굴범.

busses to santa maria del tule leave from oaxaca's second-class bus station (the terminal de autobuses de segunda clase) every half-hour or so.
오악사카의 2등급 버스 정류장(the terminal de autobuses de segunda clase) 에서 산타 마리아 델 툴레로 가는 버스는 30분 여분마다 있습니다.

conversational.
구어의.

conversational.
영어 회화를 배우다.

conversational.
담화체.

brett graff , nightly business report , home economist.
나이틀리 비즈니스 리포트 , 가정학 전문가 브렛 그래프가 전해드렸습니다.

bankruptcy.
파산.

bankruptcy.
부도.

bankruptcy.
도산.

bankruptcy attorneys are never without booming business.
파산 전문 변호사들은 항상 번창하죠.

chaff.
왕겨.

chaff.
짚을 썬 여물.

chaff.
겨.

bursitis.
활액낭염.

upheaval.
대변동.

upheaval.
정치 파동.

upheaval.
정치파동.

burp.
트림.

burp.
아기를 트림하게 하다.

burp.
트림을 참다.

cows are eating grass in the pasture.
젖소들이 목장에서 풀을 뜯어 먹고 있다.

cows are milked at the dairy each morning.
매일 아침 착유소에서 젖소들의 젖을 짠다.

cows were grazing on the marshes.
소들이 습지에서 풀을 뜯고 있었다.

greenhouse heating system using the air to air heat pump (heat pump-soil-latent heat storage system).
열펌프를 이용한 온실난방 시스템.

onset of marangoni convection in a ternary mixture with surfactant.
계면활성제가 포함된 삼성분계 해석을 통한 마란고니 대류 발생 연구.

premixed vista burner for an once-through type boiler.
관류보일러를 위한 예혼합 vista 버너 개발.

smolder.
내내다.

smolder.
속에서 끓는[억제할 수 없는] 노여움.

smolder.
가슴에 맺힌 원한.

burlesque.
해학극.

burlesque.
벌레스크.

procession.
행렬.

procession.
행렬을 지어 가다.

burgle.
털다.

burgle.
은행을 털다.

bureaucratic.
관료적인.

bureaucratic.
관료 정치.

bureaucratic.
관청의 일.

broom.
빗자루.

broom.
갈목비.

broom.
무지러진 비.

voa's bob doughty examines a modern iran caught between two extremes : religious fundamentalism and political nationalism.
voa의 bob doughty씨께서 종교적 근본주의와 정치적 민족주의라는 두 가지 극단주의에 묶여 있는 현대 이란에 관해 좀더 자세히 알려 드리겠습니다.

voa's bob doughty examines a modern iran caught between two extremes : religious fundamentalism and political nationalism.
voa의 bob doughty씨께서 종교적 근본주의와 정치적 민족주의라는 두 가지 극단주의에 묶여 있는 현대 이란에 관해 좀더 자세히 알려 드리 겠습니다.

disrepute.
불평판.

joe , like simon , is also an outsider.
조는 사이먼처럼 그 또한 아웃사이더이다.

joe made good his boast to swim across the lake.
조는 수영으로 호수를 횡단하겠다고 뻐겼는데 , 그것을 실행했다.

joe sixpack does not care about that.
일반 노동자는 그런 것은 신경 안 쓴다.

extracting energy from renewable sources is still not a viable option for britain.
재생가능한 자원으로부터 축출한 에너지는 여전히 영국에서 실행가능한 선택안이 아니다.

bunny had snapped her mom's bead necklace.
bunny는 엄마의 구슬목걸이를 부러뜨렸다.

playboy.
한량.

playboy.
향락아.

playboy.
초친놈.

bungling.
되통스럽다.

bungling.
졸하다.

bungling.
용렬하다.

bungalow.
방갈로.

bungalows are a type of house.
방갈로는 주택의 한 유형이다.

plain-looking , an awkward way of talking , funny gestures and an unfashionable hairstyle and clothing are the best ways to describe ahn uh-bung.
못생긴 얼굴에 어눌한 말투와 우스운 몸짓 , 거기다 구식 헤어 스타일과 패션. 이것들이 안어벙을 가장 잘 표현할 수 있는 말들이다.

slaves brought their music with them across the atlantic ocean ; african influences can be heard in the rumba of cuba , the calypso of trinidad , and the samba of the caribbean , as well as north american jazz.
노예들이 대서양을 건너오면서 그들의 음악을 가지고 왔는데 , 북 아메리카의 재즈를 비롯하여 쿠바의 룸바나 트리니다드의 칼립소 , 카리브해의 삼바 등에 서 아프리카 음악의 영향이 나타난다.

slaves brought their music with them across the atlantic ocean ; african influences can be heard in the rumba of cuba , the calypso of trinidad , and the samba of the caribbean , as well as north american jazz.
노예들이 대서양을 건너오면서 그들의 음악을 가지고 왔는데 , 북 아메리카의 재즈를 비롯하여 쿠바의 룸바나 트리니다드의 칼립소 , 카리브 해의 삼바 등에서 아프리카 음악의 영향이 나타난다.

whack.
채찍으로 홱 갈기다.

whack.
부담액.

bummer.
안 됐군요..

bum.
놈팡이.

bum.
거지.

bum.
걸인.

bullring.
투우장.

democrat.
민주주의자.

democrat.
민주당원.

democrat.
평민주의자.

bullheaded.
코세다.

bullheaded.
가시세다.

mascot.
마스코트.

lamborghini will open an office in beijing and dealerships in chengdu and qingdao.
람보르기니는 베이징에 사무실을 열것이고 , 청두와 칭다오에 매장을 열것입니다.

bladder distention is the stretching of the bladder with water or gas.
방광팽창은 물이나 기체로 인해 방광이 늘어나는 것이다.

squeeze in a few 10-minute walks throughout the day.
낮에 약 10분 산책할 짬을 내세요.

makeshift.
고식적인.

makeshift.
임시변통의.

makeshift.
일시적 수단.

sticky.
끈끈하다.

sticky.
차지다.

pile design and construction methods by group pile effects in soft clay soils(model test and analysis of negative skin friction acting on piles).
연약지반에서의 군말뚝효과를 고려한 말뚝의 설계 및 시공기법 연구 (실내모형실험을 통한 부주면 마찰력을 중심으로).

plaque.
상패.

plaque.
치석.

plaque.
감사패.

builder's depot , the leading home improvement retailer , has had six day laborers in the past week fined and even arrested.
대표적인 집 수리 소매상점인 빌더스 데포는 지난 주에 6명의 일용직 노동자에게 벌금을 물리거나 , 심지어 구속까지 시켰습니다.

dilute this detergent three to one before use.
이 세제는 3 대 1의 비율로 희석해서 사용하세요.

dune.
모래 언덕.

dune.
해안 사구.

dune.
사구림.

buffet.
뷔페.

buffet.
식당차.

buffet.
고기 뷔페.

buffet looks for successor warren buffet said recently that he is looking for his successor as berkshire hathaway's chief investment officer.
후계자를 찾는 워렌 버핏 워렌 버핏은 최근 자신이 버크셔 해서웨이의 최고 투자 책임자로서의 후계자를 찾고 있다고 말했다.

buffalos were all over the place.
도처에 들소가 있었다.

sanded.
모래로 닦다.

sanded.
모래.

sanded.
모래찜질.

high-school theatrics were equally challenging.
고등학교 때도 그녀에게 연극은 힘겨운 일이었다.

postcard.
엽서.

postcard.
그림엽서.

vegetarian sources of omega 3 fats include hemp seeds , flax seeds , walnuts , pecan nuts and hazel nuts.
오메가 3에 대한 채식주의자들의 원천은 대마 씨 , 아마 씨 , 호두 , 피칸 그리고 헤이즐넛을 포함합니다.

causality between land price increase and macroeconomic variables (written in korean).
지가와 거시경제변수간의 인과관계에 관한 실증분석.

hinduism.
힌두교.

confucianism was the ruling principle in the joseon dynasty.
유교는 조선의 통치이념이었다.

jonny was mad enough to walk through dallas.
조니는 댈러스를 걸어서 통과할 정도로 미쳤다.

budapest is known as one of the top 100 most livable cities in the world.
부다페스트는 세계에서 가장 살기 좋은 100개의 도시 중 하나로 알려져 있습니다.

bucolic.
목가적.

bucolic.
목가적인.

bucolic.
목가.

buckler.
참을 인 자 셋이면 살인도 피한다.

buckingham.
버킹엄 궁전.

buckingham.
버킹엄 궁을 대중에게 개방하다.

buckingham palace said it had no comment on the interview , which the bbc estimated had a nationwide audience of 15million people.
bbc 방송국의 추산에 따르면 전국적으로 1 , 500만 명이 시청한 이인터뷰에 대해 영국 왕실측은 아무런 논평도 하지 않았습니다.

bucked.
뻐드렁니.

bucked.
달러.

bucked.
불.

cowboy.
카우보이.

cowboy.
서부영화.

gas-powered vehicles emit significantly fewer pollutants than those that use petrol or diesel.
가스로 움직이는 자동차는 페트롤이나 디젤을 사용하는 것들보다 상당히 적은 오염물질을 배출할 것이다.

bucharest.
부쿠레슈티.

stainless steel is able to withstand the effects of corrosive chemicals.
스테인레스 강판은 부식성 화학약품의 영향을 받지 않는다.

man-made satellites revolve round the earth.
인공 위성들이 지구 주위를 돌고 있다.

persuasion.
설득.

persuasion.
설복.

persuasion.
종용.

horrific.
끔찍하다.

horrific.
끔찍한 살인 현장.

characteristically , helen paid for everyone.
헬렌이 특유의 성격대로 모두의 비용을 지불했다.

muriel ali is the landlord of a historic brownstone apartment building in brooklyn.
뮤리엘 알리는 브루클린에 있는 역사적인 갈색 사암 아파트 건물의 주인이다.

spotted hyenas are the largest of the three hyena species.
점박이 하이에나가 세 하이에나 종에서 가장 큽니다.

flip over and remove from pan.
뒤집은 다음에 팬에서 꺼내세요.

cobra is a kind of poisonous snake.
코브라는 독사의 일종이다.

cannes.
칸.

cannes.
칸 영화제.

merciless.
야박하다.

chill 3 to 4 hours or until firm.
굳을 때 까지 3시간에서 4시간 정도 차갑게 해.

brotherly.
형제의.

brotherly.
우애.

brotherly.
의형제를 맺다.

thy.
너의.

thy will be done in earth , as it is in heaven.
뜻이 하늘에서 이루어진 것 같이 땅에서도 이루어지이다.

saucepan.
냄비.

saucepan.
소스 냄비.

spicy.
맵다.

spicy.
닭갈비.

spicy.
얼큰하다.

handshake procedures for digital subscriber line(dsl) transceivers.
adsl 핸드세이크 절차.

brooding.
끙끙 앓지 않는 것이 가장 좋습니다..

brooding.
포란.

broodhen.
씨암탉.

lifter.
자동차 도둑.

lifter.
들치기.

mould.
쇠녹.

spearmint chewing gum.
스피어민트 껌.

roping.
투승.

roping.
안자일렌.

roping.
아프자일렌.

lithium.
리튬.

brokerage.
중개업.

brokerage.
소개비.

brokerage.
중개 수수료.

brokenhearted.
가슴(이) 아프다.

dinnerware.
식기 한 벌.

toaster.
자동 토스터.

toaster.
토스터.

toaster.
전기 토스터.

revival.
부활.

revival.
부흥.

revival.
회생.

ricky holds the camera , sitting naked in his stool.
리키는 카메라를 들고 벌거벗은 채로 의자에 앉아 있다.

copyright is available to derivative works , only to the new elements of those works.
2차적저작물의 경우 , 저작권은 새로운 창작 부분에 대해서만 인정된다.

copyright is available to derivative works , only to the new elements of those works.
happiness는 happy의 파생어이다.

hwang woo-suk has insisted he was misled by a junior scientist into thinking his team had made a advance in stem cells.
황 박사는 줄기세포 배양을 성공시켜야 한다고 생각한 그의 연구원들에 의해 잘못 오도되었다고 주장했습니다.

quest.
지식의 자유로운 탐구.

quest.
비양심적인 이윤 추구.

temper.
성질.

temper.
담금질.

temper.
쇠를 담금질하다.

tactfully point out the mistake , pretending that your eyesight is poor and you may be muddled.
실수를 빈틈없이 지적하시고 당신의 안목이 형편없는 것 처럼 행동한다면 당신은 혼란스러워질 수도 있어요.

haughty.
도도하다.

haughty.
거만하다.

haughty.
뽐내는.

civilize.
아프리카 토인을 교화하다.

bristling.
웅긋쭝긋.

bristling.
털수세.

brioche goes beyond its french country roots , infusing into its menu the best of the american northwest.
브리오쉬의 메뉴는 미국 북서지역 최고의 요리를 접목시켜 프랑스 본고장 요리들을 능가합니다.

brinkmanship.
벼랑 끝 외교[정책].

brinkmanship.
벼랑끝전술.

refreshment.
청량감.

refreshment.
반깃반.

refreshment.
구내 식당.

bach is called the father of music.
바흐는 음악의 아버지라 불린다.

shone.
비추이다.

shone.
윤이 나다.

shone.
반들거리다.

shady.
수상하다.

dissolved oxygen levels rise from morning through afternoon as a result of photosynthesis.
용해된 산소의 정도는 광합성의 결과로 아침부터 오후까지 증가한다.

blinded by a warped sense of duty and the lure of money , these so-called christians have lost sight of god's love and humanity as they continue towards the abuse , mutilation and destruction of their own people.
비뚤어진 의무감과 돈의 유혹에 눈이 멀어 , 이들 소위 기독교도들은 그들 자신의 사람들을 계속해서 학대하고 절단하고 파괴시키면서 신의 사랑의 시각과 인간다움을 잃어버렸다.

frozen fresh , the largest producer of frozen foods in north america , announced it would look abroad for workers to fill positions in its understaffed canadian plants.
북미 최대 규모의 냉동식품 회사인 프로즌 후레쉬 사가 캐나다 공장의 인력 부족 문제를 해결하기 위해 해외 인력을 찾고 있다고 발표했습니 다.

slap.
뺨을 올려붙이다.

slap.
갈기다.

liu said a more detailed agreement would be continued at an unspecified date.
류 대변인은 앞으로 구체적인 합의가 이어질 것이라고 덧붙였습니다.

liu said china is modernizing its military force for defensive purposes.
류 젠차오 대변인은 중국은 방위를 목적으로 군사력을 현대화하고 있다고 말했습니다.

bridle.
굴레.

bridle.
고삐.

bridle.
목사리.

babel.
바벨.

spirited away will take you on a journey beyond your imagination.
'센과 치히로의 행방불명'은 당신의 상상력을 넘어선 여행으로 당신을 데려갈 것이다.

downcast.
창연하다.

downcast.
소곳하다.

brickyard.
벽돌 공장.

snail shells.
달팽이 껍질.

hi. well , we are just so very excited y'all being here and all. we are convinced , with your expertise , we can finally qualify this year.
데이빗이에요. 안녕하세요. 여기까지 와 주셔서 너무 기뻐요. 두 분의 실력이라면 이번 대회에 틀림없이 통과할 것 같네요.

misprision.
중범 은닉죄.

captivity.
바빌론 유수.

dishonesty.
부정.

dishonesty.
불성실.

porsche 911 gt3/rsnew version of the race-bred gt3.
포르쉐 911 gt3/rs : 경주용으로 천부적으로 만들어진 gt3의 새로운 버전이다.

maggots can invade the body from the bite of mosquitos.
구더기는 모기에 물린 상처를 통해서 인체에 침입할 수 있다.

hurried.
바쁘다.

hurried.
총망하다.

hurried.
창졸.

cardiopulmonary arrest means that your heart is not beating and you are not breathing.
심폐사란 심장이 뛰지않고 숨을 쉬지 않는 상태를 뜻한다.

unearthing nests in which the parent died with its arms outspread and its breastbone on the eggs , the researchers suggest that with its dying breath mom or dad tried to protect junior.
공룡부모가 팔을 펼친 채 혹은 알 위에 가슴을 올려 놓은 채 죽은 둥지를 발굴하면서 , 발굴 자들은 공룡 부모가 죽어가면서도 그들의 자식을 지키려고 노력 했다고 말했다.

unearthing nests in which the parent died with its arms outspread and its breastbone on the eggs , the researchers suggest that with its dying breath mom or dad tried to protect junior.
공룡부모가 팔을 펼친 채 혹은 알 위에 가슴을 올려 놓은 채 죽은 둥지를 발굴하면서 , 발굴 자들은 공룡 부모가 죽어가면서도 그들의 자식을 지키려고 노력했다고 말했다.

heterogeneous.
이질적.

heterogeneous.
이질적인.

heterogeneous.
이질성.

savage tribes still live in some parts of the world.
아직도 세계의 일부 지역에는 미개 부족이 살고 있다.

breakwater.
방파제.

breakwater.
방조제.

breakwater.
방조제를 쌓다.

betrayer.
배신자.

betrayer.
부역자.

betrayer.
내통자.

renegade.
배교자.

renegade.
탈당자.

flexural-torsional free vibrations of circular strip foundation with variable breadth on pasternak soil.
pasternak지반으로 지지된 변화폭 원호형 띠기초의 휨-비틀림 자유진동.

disciplinary.
징계.

disciplinary.
징계위원회.

disciplinary.
징계 면직.

crowned.
승리의 월계관을 쓰다.

crowned.
두루미.

crowned.
월계관을 쓰다.

air-side performance of brazed aluminum heat exchangers under dehumidifying conditions.
습표면 알루미늄 열교환기의 공기측 성능.

air-side flow and heat transfer for an offset strip fin-tube heat exchanger with grooves.
1열 그루브-절개형 핀-관 열교환기의 국소 열전달 특성.

dehumidifying performance of material-saving fin in fin-tube heat exchanger.
흰-관 열교환기에서 재료절감 흰의 제습특성.

bravo , big ballerinas !.
브라보 , 빅 발레리나들 !.

brava.
얼싸.

ballerinas dance on the tips of their toes.
발레리나들은 발끝으로 춤을 춘다.

braunite.
갈망간광.

spoiled kids stroke parents the wrong way.
예의 없는 아이들은 부모님을 성나게 한다.

needless to say , i felt scared and confused.
말할 필요도 없이 나는 혼란스럽고 무서움을 느꼈다.

needless to say , it all ends happily.
말할 필요도 없이 , 그건 모두 행복하게 끝났어.

hilary clinton attacks bush for iraq policy former first lady hillary rodham clinton , who recently joined the democratic presidential race , says president bush should find a way for the u.s. to leave iraq before he leaves office.
부시의 이라크 정책을 비난하는 힐러리 클린턴 상원의원 최근 민주당 경선에 출마한 전 영부인인 힐러리 로드햄 클린턴 상원의원은 부시 대통령은 퇴임하 기 전에 미국이 이라크에서 나올 방도를 찾아야 한다고 말했다.

duff said he would be demanding a rematch.
누구든 그를 때려 눕히는 사람은 벌을 받을 것이다.

deserve.
하염직하다.

tabasco is known around the world , and the residents of guam are the largest consumers of tabasco , consuming one four-ounce bottle per person per year.
세계적으로 널리 알려진 타바스코 소스의 최대 소비자는 괌 주민으로서 , 이들은1인당 연간4온스의 타바스코를 소비합니다.

branching.
백호.

branching.
백홋날.

branching.
너름새.

trimming.
손질.

trimming.
도련.

brambly.
가시밭길.

brambly.
형극의 길.

bran.
기울.

bran.
밀기울.

bran.
겉겨.

crustacean.
갑각류.

crustacean.
갑각류 동물.

castle walls surrounded the entire castle and were usually several meters thick.
성벽은 성 전체를 둘러싸고 있으며 , 주로 몇 미터정도 두껍다.

hydraulics.
수력학.

brainy.
똑똑하다.

brainy.
똘똘하다.

brainy.
지적인.

brainstorm the kinds of jobs you would like to hold in the near future.
얼마 안가 갖고자 하는 직업에 대해서 창의적으로 생각하라.

brainstorming.
브레인스토밍.

brainstorming generated a lot of new ideas.
브레인스토밍은 많은 새로운 아이디어를 가져왔다.

brained.
생각이 얕은 사람.

brained.
머리가 둔하다.

brained.
뇌.

braindeath.
뇌사.

braincell.
뇌 세포.

braid.
땋다.

braid.
갈래.

braid.
겯다.

brahma.
범천.

brahma.
범천왕.

brahma.
브라마닭.

quentin letts : monkeys have red bottoms , not red faces.
원숭이는 빨간 엉덩이를 가지고 있지만 빨간 얼굴은 아니다.

billing services for the hotel chain are handled by a private contractor.
이 호텔 체인의 요금 청구 서비스는 민간 계약업체가 담당하고 있다.

brackish.
건건하다.

brackish.
소금기 있는 물.

brackish.
반함수.

how'd you like an ankle bracelet ?.
발찌 좋아하니 ?.

bracelets.
쇠고랑을 차다.

fitted with a combination lock , a built-in address tag , and a shoulder strap.
숫자 배합 자물쇠가 장착되어 있고 , 붙박이 주소 라벨이 있고 , 어깨끈이 달려 있음.

bozo.
천치.

bozo.
맹추.

bozo.
병신.

bozo.
보조라는 사람은는 그저 단순한 광대가 아니고 대단한 광대이었다.

disarming.
무장 해제.

disarming.
무장을 해제하다.

disarming.
무기를 빼앗다.

nail polish / varnish remover.
매니큐어 제거제.

oiling.
풀포수하다.

oiling.
자동 급유 장치.

oiling.
풀포수.

manchester city and manchester united meet for the 150th time in a competitive game.
맨체스터 시티와 맨체스터 유나이티드는 150번째 경기를 가졌다.

boxful.
한 상자 가득.

boxful.
가득한 한 상자의 사과.

ladle soup into bowls and garnish with pepper , parsley , sage and croutons.
수프를 국자로 떠 우묵한 그릇에 옮겨 담고 , 후추와 파슬리 , 세이지 잎 그리고 크루통으로 장식한다.

scoring.
시합에서 영점으로 지다.

parker actually is a giant loser.
사실 파커는 엄청나게 한심한 놈이다.

bowleg.
내반각.

bowleg.
오각.

bowleg.
내반슬.

scald.
열탕 소독을 하다.

scald.
튀하다.

asians that are mainly from india keep their own cultural heritage.
주로 인도에서 온 아시아인들은 그들의 문화적 유산을 지켜 나가고 있다.

deference.
존대.

chicago's " cows on parade " exhibition of life-sized bovine sculptures raised close to $4 million for charity at an auction.
시카고의 " 퍼레이드에 나간 소떼들 " 전시회에서 실제 크기의 소 조각들은 경매에서 400만 달러에 가까운 자선기금을 모았다.

marx had hoped to teach philosophy at bonn university , but he was thwarted by the prussian government.
막스는 본 대학에서 철학을 가르치기를 바랬지만 프러시아 정부에 의해 좌절되었습니다.

prosperous.
번영의.

prosperous.
영화로운.

prosperous.
불(이) 일 듯하다.

bounden.
당연한 의무.

nontransitive the trust is bounded by the domain and the realm in the relationship.
비전이적 트러스트에서의 관계는 도메인과 영역으로 제한됩니다.

shay given insists mark hughes can end 23 years of hurt for manchester city fans and deliver a trophy at eastlands.
셰이 기븐은 마크 휴스 감독이 맨체스터 시티의 23년 간 상처의 세월을 마치고 트로피를 들어올릴 수 있을 것이라 했다.

boulder.
바위.

boulder.
모리돌.

boulder.
뭉우리돌.

bough.
가지.

bough.
고부랑한 나뭇가지.

bough.
나뭇가지.

bottlenose dolphins are found worldwide in mild and tropical waters.
청백고래는 전세계의 온화하고 열대성 수중에서 발견됩니다.

bottleneckinflation.
병목 인플레이션.

surviving comfort women have suffered permanent injury from disease , psychological trauma , or social ostracism.
생존한 위안부 여성들은 질병 , 심리적 트라우마(외상) , 혹은 사회적 배척으로 영원한 피해를 겪어왔다.

cleanliness.
청결.

cleanliness.
위생.

cleanliness.
정결.

cleanliness is all-important in the kitchen.
주방은 청결이 생명이다.

botheration.
분대질.

botanicalgarden.
식물원.

capitol.
중앙청 광장.

capitol.
중앙청.

capitol.
국회의사당.

dogmatic.
독단적.

dogmatic.
교의상의.

solidify.
굳히다.

solidify.
공고히 하다.

solidify.
고형화하다.

pal.
친구.

pal.
이 친구야 , 악수나 하세..

bort.
최하급 다이아몬드.

economists say making bank loans more expensive would also cause more efficient investment and less risky borrowing.
경제전문가들은 은행 대출 이자율을 인상함으로써 보다 효율적인 투자를 유도하고 , 위험한 대출을 줄여나갈 수 있을 것이라고 말했습니다.

precarious.
위태롭다.

precarious.
불안정하다.

missionary.
전도사.

missionary.
선교사.

missionary.
선교사로 일하다.

boresome.
지질하다.

u-bora towers project in business bay , dubai , u.a.e.
반도건설 두바이 유보라 타워 개발사례.

fapesp leaders also made a conscious decision three years ago to bootstrap brazil's genome research , which had been fragmented among dozens of laboratories throughout the sprawling state of sao paulo , which is half the size of france.
fapesp의 리더는 또한 3년 전 , 프랑스의 반정도 크기의 광대한 상파울루 주 도처에 여기저기 분산되어있던 수많은 실험실의 브라질의 게놈 연구를 혼자 힘 으로 해내기로 자존심을 건 결정을 했다.

thimble.
골무를 끼다.

thimble.
골무.

thimble.
밀골무.

bookworm.
책벌레.

bookworm.
전 책벌레예요..

bookworm.
독서광.

perplexity.
곤혹.

dan williams reviews harry potter and the deathly hallows by j k rowling.
댄 윌리엄스는 j.k의 '해리포터와 죽음의 성물' 을 재평론 했다.

dan explains his view on what destiny is.
댄은 그의 시야에서 본 운명이 무엇인지 설명했다.

bookie.
마권업자.

bookburning.
분서.

additions , extensions , and deterioration of habitability in public housing.
주거의 확장변용과 대지와의 관계.

stephanie made large quantities so that she should have enough to give away.
스테파니는 충분히 나누어 줄 수 있도록 많이 만들었다.

bonn.
본.

berlin , they opined , is a paradise for cyclists.
그들이 주장하기를 , 베를린은 자전거 타는 사람들의 천국이다.

pueblo.
푸에블로인디언.

yeom kyo-bong , an air quality policy advisor at seoul's environment ministry , says yellow dust can also cause the economy to suffer.
환경부의 대기관리 정책 자문역인 염교봉씨는 황사가 경제에도 어려움을 초래할 수 있다고 말합니다.

ductility of strengthened rc beams by epoxy bonded cfs.
탄소섬유보강 철근콘크리트 보의 인성에 관한 연구.

mores.
모레스.

mores.
민풍.

hairdressing.
머리치장.

hairdressing.
이발업.

hairdressing.
조발.

hairdressing , the art of caring for the hair , has existed as a bona fide profession since the 1700's.
머리를 손질하는 기술인 미용술은 1700년대부터 정성을 다하는 직업으로 존재해 왔다.

vividly.
똑똑히.

vividly.
선히.

vividly.
생생하게 묘사하다[그리다].

bombed.
피폭되다.

bombed.
폭격을 당한 지역.

bombed.
그는 실패했어요..

mango ice cream : remove ice cream from freezer and allow it to soften.
망고 아이스크림 : 아이스크림을 냉동실에서 꺼낸후 , 부드러워지게 만든다.

bombast.
흥감.

bombast.
호언.

bolus.
환약.

revolutionaries destabilize a government by forcing leaders to resign.
혁명가들은 지도부를 사퇴하도록 압력을 넣어 정부를 동요시킨다.

bollard.
나이트헤드.

nucleate boling heat transfer coefficients of low-finned tubes in alternative refrigerants.
대체냉매 내에서 낮은 핀관의 비등열전달계수 측정.

boiled cauliflower is really yummy with cheese sauce poured on top.
삶은 콜리플라워 위에 녹인 치즈를 얹어 먹으면 아주 맛이 좋다.

bogus.
유령 당원.

bogus.
가짜 학생.

bogus.
수상한 회사.

bogie.
보기.

bogie.
2번 홀에서 보기를 기록하다.

bogie.
보기차.

damp.
축축하다.

damp.
습하다.

damp.
눅눅하다.

bogey.
보기.

bogey.
더블보기.

bogey.
10번 홀에서 보기를 내다.

conan doyle served as a war physician during the second boer war , from 1899 to 1902.
코난 도일은 1899년부터 1902년까지 제 2차 보어 전쟁 동안 의사로 근무했습니다.

bodyodor.
체취.

boding.
터(가) 세다.

boding.
흉조의.

boding.
마수가 좋다[나쁘다].

rub your hands on the towel.
수건으로 손을 닦아라.

rub inside of each squash half with 1 tablespoon olive oil then fill each half with 3 sage leaves.
자른 호박의 안쪽에 올리브유 한 스푼씩을 바르고 세이지 잎 세 개씩을 각각 채워 넣는다.

woolly monkeys.
털북숭이 원숭이.

bert has worked for 25 years in the building trade.
버트는 25년간 건설업에 종사해왔어요.

lorelei on the rock enchanted the boatmen with her fascinating melodies.
바위 위의 로렐라이는 매혹적인 노랫소리로 뱃사람들을 황홀케 하였다.

boatage.
마상이 운임.

boatage.
전마선삯.

delusion.
망상.

delusion.
착각.

delusion.
허상.

receptionist.
접객원.

receptionist.
접대원.

receptionist.
응접 담당자.

boardingcard.
탑승권.

cutter.
절단기.

cutter.
작두.

cutter.
재단사.

boa was taken straight to the hospital after her performance.
보아는 공연 직후 바로 병원으로 이송되었어요.

nearsighted.
근시의.

nearsighted.
근시입니다..

nearsighted.
시야가 좁다.

demarcation.
획정.

demarcation.
분계.

demarcation.
군사분계선.

eric moved to the capital city , oslo.
에릭은 마침내 수도인 오슬로로 이사했다.

bluebeard.
층꽃풀.

bludgeon.
쇠도리깨.

blowfish.
복어.

blowfish.
복.

blowfish.
복국.

blemish.
잡티.

blemish.
흉.

copybook.
수사본.

copybook.
법첩.

disturbing to know that there might be something in the environment that can possibly cause cancer.
달라스에 있는 텍사스 메디컬 센터 대학의 내과 의학 부교수인 dr.yvonne coyle는 암을 일으키도록 할 수 있는 무언가가 환경 속에 혹 있을.

disturbing to know that there might be something in the environment that can possibly cause cancer.
지도 모른다는 것을 아는 것은 매우 불안할 수 있다고 말했다.

wildflowers bloomed on either side of the road.
야생화가 길 양쪽에 피었다.

vacations featured included everything from leisurely trips to tropical islands to climbing the himalayas.
소개되고 있는 여행 상품에는 열대섬에서 느긋하게 쉬는 여행으로부터 히말라야 등반에 이르기까지 모든 것이 다 있습니다.

bloodrelative.
혈족.

rabies is endemic in the turkish part.
광견병은 일부 터키 지역의 풍토병이다.

bloodbrother.
의형제.

bloodbrother.
혈맹.

hippy.
히피.

choppy.
싹둑싹둑하다.

moron.
백치.

nonaligned nations support neither the western nor the communist bloc.
중립국들은 서구와 공산 양진영 중 그 어느 쪽도 지지하지 않는다.

styrofoam.
스티로폼.

cracks revealed the fiery glow beneath ; dust hurled into the sky made days as black as nights.
갈라진 바위 틈 사이로 아래쪽의 열기가 배어나왔고 , 여기서 뿜어 나온 먼지가 하늘을 뒤덮어 낮도 밤처럼 깜깜했습니다.

blister.
물집.

blister.
부르트다.

blister.
수포.

blip.
레이더의 스크린에 나타나는 영상.

blindfold.
눈가리개를 하다.

blindfold.
눈가리개를 하고 끌려가다.

blinddate.
미팅.

blinddate.
소개팅.

chili peppers are often blighted by anthracnose.
탄저병은 고추에 자주 발생한다.

lymphatic.
선병의.

lymphatic.
임파의.

lymphatic.
림프절.

lymphatic glands are swollen and lumpy.
임파선이 부어 뭉글뭉글하다.

dissonance between architecture and technology.
건축과 기술 , 그 영원한 불화.

bleed.
흘리다.

bleed.
돈을 긁어 내다.

bleary.
게슴츠레하다.

bleary.
지꺼분하다.

bleary.
눈어리다.

chlorine.
염소.

chlorine.
염소로 살균하다.

chlorine.
염소수.

chlorine is added to drinking water supplies either as the gas itself , or as sodium hypochlorite (bleach) or calcium hypochlorite solid.
염소는 식수에 가스 자체로 하이포아염소산나트륨으로 고체 치아염소산칼슘으로도 첨가됩니다.

hugh miles , wildlife film producer , was not too downcast by his loss.
야생 생물 영상물 전문 제작자인 휴즈 마일스는 자신이 잃은 것 때문에 너무 상심하지는 않았다.

spotlights made the white marble seem to glow.
하얀 대리석은 조명등 불빛을 받아 타오르는 듯 했다.

toothless.
이가 없는.

toothless.
합죽이.

blastula.
포배.

tantrum.
성질을 내다[부리다].

tantrum.
발연하다.

tantrum.
격분.

blasphemous.
불경스럽다.

quilting.
퀼팅.

quilting.
누비질.

quilting.
잔누비.

regiment.
연대.

blanche.
백지 위임장.

blanche.
백지 위임장을 주다.

blanche.
전권.

refresh files and settings. restores default settings and refreshes files.
파일 및 설정을 새로 고침. 기본 설정을 복원하고 파일을 새로 고칩니다.

refresh files only. maintains all your custom settings while refreshing files.
파일만 새로 고침. 파일을 새로 고치는 동안 사용자 지정 설정을 모두 유지합니다.

unsteady heat transfer analysis of radiant heating panel.
복사 난방 패널의 과도 열전달 해석.

collagen is a protein that enables skin to stretch.
콜라겐은 피부가 신축성 있게 늘어날 수 있도록 해 주는 단백질입니다.

barbados.
바베이도스.

blackmarket.
암시장.

blackly.
검정.

blackly.
흑.

blackly.
흑색.

consulate.
영사관.

consulate.
영사의 직[임기 , 관구].

cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
고양이의 소변은 비가시광선에서 빛납니다.

blacking out the wall would take a long time.
벽을 온통 검게 칠하는 데 시간이 오래 걸릴 것이다.

blacking down is not a simple work.
선구에 타르를 발라 검게 하는 것은 간단한 작업이 아니다.

blacken.
그을리다.

blacken.
검게 하다.

blacken.
검기다.

blackball.
반대투표하다.

blackball.
생매장.

blackball.
반대투표.

clustering categorical and numerical data : a new procedure using multidimensional scaling.
2002 한국경영정보학회 추계학술대회 - 세계 초일류를 향한 전자정부 및 e-biz 전략.

contracted.
약정한.

contracted.
월정 고용.

contracted.
도급일.

southside bistro offers a variety of french pastries , cakes , and tarts.
사우스사이드 비스트로는 다양한 종류의 프렌치 패스트리 , 케이크 , 타르트를 제공합니다.

birdlike.
싱숭생숭.

scatter the green onions over the plate as garnish.
고명으로 초록양파를 접시위에 고루 뿌려주세요.

revising proofs is crucial for a well-written essay.
잘 쓰여진 논문을 얻기 위해서는 교정을 보는 것이 필수적이다.

biotron , one of the government's private-sector partners in the space program , is pushing to use the lactobacillus bacteria found in kimchi to determine its reaction when injected into the adult stem cells and several types of cancer cells in a gravity-free environment.
우주 프로그램에서의 정부와 민간부문 파트너 중의 하나인 바이오트론사는 무중력상태에서 김치에서 발견된 젖산간균 박테리아를 성인의 줄기세포나 여 러 종류의 암세포에 주사되었을 때 어떻게 반응하는 지를 살펴보기 위해서 이 젖산간균 박테리아를 사용할 것으로 밀어 부치고 있습니다.

biotechnology.
생명공학.

biotechnology.
생명 공학.

biotechnology.
바이오테크놀로지.

choline.
콜린.

bionic retina gives light to the blind.
생체망막이 맹인들에게 빛을 선사한다.

ticking.
시계의 재깍재깍하는 소리.

ticking.
시계가 똑딱거리는 소리를 듣다.

ticking.
똑딱거리는 시계 소리를 듣다.

lasting a full eight days , the fire devoured the town.
꼬박 8일 동안 계속된 화재로 도시가 소멸됐다.

einstein's photoelectric law.
광전자 공학.

propose.
프러포즈를 하다.

propose.
제시.

propose.
청혼.

propose of local wind velocity for designing of natural ventilation in korea.
자연환기 설계를 위한 풍속에 관한 연구.

hence the name - lol is internet speak for laugh out loud.
" lol " 이라는 인터넷 용어는 " 크게 웃다 " 입니다.이 이름은 이런 이유 때문에 이렇습니다.

durst made friends with the band and gave them a demo tape , which korn passed on to their producer.
더스트는 콘과 친구가 됐고 자신들의 음악을 담은 데모 테이프를 콘에게 주었다.콘은 그 테이프를 자신들의 프로듀서에게 주었다.

durst gave a jaw dropping performance.
더스트는 턱이 빠질 정도의 엄청난 공연을 보여주었다.

martyr.
의사.

martyr.
순교자.

martyr.
열사.

enthalpy flow loss by steady mass streaming in pulse tube refrigerators.
맥동관냉동기의 정상상태 질량흐름에 의한 엔탈피손실.

rumours began to circulate about his financial problems.
그의 재정 문제에 대한 소문들이 돌아다니기 시작했다.

curiously.
기묘하게.

curiously.
괴상히.

curiously.
별나게.

curiously , the signifiers have survived , but not the signified.
흥미롭게도 기표는 유지되었지만 , 기의는 사라졌다.

daz met with billy behind jack s back.
daz는 jack 몰래 billy를 만났다.

netherlands is the first nation that legalized euthanasia and assisted suiside.
네덜란드는 안락사를 합법화하고 자살을 조력하는 첫번째 나라이다.

twenty-nine of the delegates are women -- up from 25 in the previous legislature.
여성의원은 29명으로 , 이전의 25명에서 네 명이 늘어났습니다.

momentum.
추진력.

momentum.
운동량.

momentum.
계기가 되다.

psychometry.
정신 측정.

billcollector.
수금원.

ringtones are also big business , costing as much as $7 for a download.
1회 다운로드에 7달러나 하는 음악 벨소리는 엄청난 규모의 사업이기도 합니다.

billboards , graffiti , trash , and tangled telephone wires can contribute to visual pollution.
광고 게시판 , 벽 낙서 , 쓰레기 , 헝클어진 전화선 등은 시각 공해의 원인이 될 수 있다.

parasites are always parasites and can not morph into anything else.
기생충들은 항상 남에게 얹혀 살고 다른것으로 변하지 못한다.

rice's remark stirred kim jong il's bile.
라이스 국방부장관의 말은 김정일 국방부위원장을 화나게 하였다.

bikeway.
자전거도로.

amy's neuroses when it comes to men.
에이미는 남자 노이로제가 있다.

nocturnal radiant cooling experiment by a plate viewing the sky.
야간 하늘에 노출된 평판의 복사냉각 실험.

diaper.
기저귀.

diaper.
기저귀를 채우다.

diaper.
마름모꼴 무늬.

driveway.
전용 도로.

driveway.
드라이브웨이.

helmets are important to bicyclist of all ages.
지난 수년 동안 매달 마지막 금요일이면 뉴욕 시에 수백 , 심지어 수천 대의 자전거 행렬이 이어지고 있습니다.

helmets must be worn at the excavation site at all times.
발굴 현장에서는 항상 헬멧을 착용해야 합니다.

trait.
형질.

trait.
유전형질.

trait.
국민적 특성.

pectoral.
가슴지느러미.

pectoral.
흉근.

pectoral.
패용십자가.

bicephalous.
양두의.

bibliomania.
서적 수집광.

bibliomania.
장서벽.

bibliographic data element directory - part 2 : acquisitions applications.
서지 데이터 요소 목록 - 제2부 수서업무.

bib..
성경의 한 구절.

bib..
성서에 키스하고 선서하다.

bib..
바이블에 손을 얹고 맹세하다.

mormon.
모르몬교도.

bib.
턱받이.

cognition analysis for managerial and organizational status of domestic construction firms.
국내 건설업체의 경영 및 조직현황에 대한 인식 분석.

toner.
스킨.

toner.
재생 토너 카트리지.

toner.
얼굴에 스킨을 바르다.

bhutan.
부탄.

betweenwhiles.
사이사이에.

stationery costs about forty dollars a box.
문구는 한 박스에 40달러 정도 들어요.

taxis.
주성.

taxis.
탈장 정복술.

taxis.
탈장환납술.

woe is me ! i have the flu , and my friends have gone to party.
아아 , 운이 나쁘구나. 나는 독감에 걸렸는데 친구들은 파티에 가고.

bethlehem.
베들레헴.

betel.
빈랑.

betcha can not kick it over the fence !.
보나마나 울타리도 못 넘길걸 !.

honour thy father and thy mother.
그대의 아버지와 그대의 어머니를 영광스럽게 하라.

vigil.
개안성 혼수.

vigil.
침묵시위.

vigil.
자지 않고 간호하다.

heiress.
상속인.

heiress.
부잣집에 장가들다.

tentative calculations indicate that our company's profits have risen six percent in the first half of the year.
우리 회사의 올 상반기 수익률이 6% 증가한 것으로 잠정 집계됐다.

berried.
말오줌나무.

bernie ebbers , once one of the most powerful ceos in corporate america , was sentenced today to 25 years in prison.
한 때 미국 경제계에서 가장 영향력있는 최고경영인 중 한 명이었던 버니 에버스가 오늘 25년 징역형을 선고받았습니다.

beringsea.
베링 해.

benzoin.
안식향.

bz.
벤젠.

e85 currently costs about the same as 87-octane gasoline.
e85는 현재 옥탄가 87 휘발유와 가격이 비슷하다.

purify.
정화.

purify.
순화.

benumb.
마비.

bentham's philosophy of pain and pleasure utilitarianism is based on a simple view of human nature.
고통과 쾌락의 벤담의 철학 공리주의는 인성의 단순한 견지에 근거합니다.

hug her to the top of your bent.
그녀를 힘껏 안아줘.

bennet.
뱀무.

benin.
베냉.

nodule.
근류.

nodule.
소결절.

nodule.
근류 박테리아.

bengalese.
벵골 사람.

baba is happy.
baba는 행복해요.

trustworthy.
신용할 수 있는.

preserver.
생명의 은인.

preserver.
구명 자켓.

preserver.
구명구.

rejecting the contract , the union leader tore the document to pieces.
노조원장은 그 계약을 거절하고 서류를 갈기갈기 찢었다.

donation.
기부.

donation.
기증.

donation.
성금.

sponsorship.
협찬.

cardinal.
추기경.

firstly , i do not have the time , and secondly , i do not have the money.
첫째 , 시간이 없고 , 둘째 , 돈도 없다.

computable.
계산할 수 있는.

bencher.
중립의원.

bemean.
심술궂다.

beltway.
순환도로.

beltway.
서울 외곽 순환도로.

bellyful.
식상.

bellyache.
복통.

bellyache.
투덜거리다.

bellyache.
툴툴거리다.

sterling continues to gain ground against the dollar.
영국 파운드화가 계속해서 달러 대비 강세를 보이고 있다.

sundry.
잡다하다.

sundry.
여러 가지의.

sundry.
누구할 것 없이 모두.

heresy.
이단.

heresy.
이단시하다.

plantain.
파초꽃.

plantain.
옥잠화.

plantain.
파초.

combating urban sprawl : sprawl debates on definitions , causes and policy responsets.
도시의 무질서한 확산에 대한 원인과 정책적 대응방안에 관한 논의.

swamps are filled with natural wild life.
늪지대는 야생 동식물로 가득하다.

swamps dried up , trees grew too close together for the dinosaurs to move freely , and the food supply began to diminish.
늪지가 마르고 , 나무가 너무 밀집되게 자라서 공룡들이 자유롭게 움직일 수 없게 되었고 식량 재고량이 줄기 시작했다.

belittle.
비하하다.

belittle.
경시하다.

belittle.
하치않게 여기다.

believer.
신도.

believer.
신자.

believer.
교인.

judaism heavily influences the doctrines christianity and islam.
유대교는 기독교와 이슬람과의 교리에 많은 영향을 주었다.

deterrence.
억지.

bel..
벨기에 사람.

belay (there) !.
그만 , 중지 !.

tripoli.
트리폴리.

suffrage.
선거권.

suffrage.
투표권.

suffrage.
참정권.

behold , then , the " new " lawrence summers , treasury secretary-designate at 44 and , by most accounts , a virtual shoo-in for senate confirmation.
저런 , 그 후 , " 새로운 " 로렌스 서머스는 44세의 나이로 재무장관 내정자가 되었고 , 여러 면에서 볼 때 사실상 상원의 인준에 의한 당선이 거의 확실했다.

behindthescenes.
그늘에서.

behindthescenes.
물밑에서.

behindthescenes.
쥐도 새도 모르게.

behead.
참수.

behead.
목을 베다.

behead.
목을 치다.

behaviorism is a theory that all things can and should be regarded as behaviors.
행동주의는 모든 사물은 행동들로 평가할 수 있고 평가 되어야 한다는 이론이다.

frankly , many of them were dredged out of a cesspool.
사실 , 오물통에서 그것들 중 많은 부분이 나왔다.

unenviable.
부럽지 않다.

ominous clouds have begun to gather over eastern europe.
동유럽에 암운이 감돌기 시작했다.

eminem picked up an oscar in 2003 with 'lose yourself' , his compelling theme from 8 mile.
에미넴은 영화 8마일의 주목할 수 밖에 없는 주제음악 " lose yourself " 로 2003년에 오스카상을 받았다.

begum zia.
지아 부인.

begotten.
첩의 몸에서 난 아들.

begotten.
독생자.

begotten.
전쟁은 더 많은 전쟁을 낳는다..

begonia.
베고니아.

begonia.
추해당.

revel.
술 바람으로 떠들다.

revel.
질탕하게 놀다.

revel.
술친구.

befog.
오리무중에서 헤매다.

beeves.
소고기.

beeves.
쇠고기.

beeves.
고깃국.

striped.
줄무늬가 있는.

striped.
줄무늬 셔츠.

striped.
칡소.

evolving conception of modern housing in korea from 1876 to 1910.
한말(1876~1910) 근대적 주거의식의 형성.

marathon is considered the centerpiece of the olympics.
마라톤은 올림픽의 꽃으로 불린다.

beefy men/arms/thighs.
우람한 남자들/팔/허벅지.

clam chowder/soup.
조개 차우더/수프.

bdrm..
베드룸.

bedrock.
암반.

bedrock.
천연 암반수.

bedrock.
상암.

bedplate.
베드플레이트.

disaffected.
이반.

disaffected.
불평을 품다.

disaffected.
정나미가 떨어지다.

bedim.
선명하지 않다.

bedeck.
꽃자동차.

bedeck.
꽃수레.

carpeting and window treatments take up a lot of floor space.
카펫과 창문 장식은 매장 면적을 많이 차지합니다.

bedbug.
빈대.

bedbug.
이삿짐운반차.

bedbug.
빈대에 물리다.

hype.
선전.

hype.
흥행업자들이 정말 그 영화를 과대선전하였다..

becky was a cute girl with freckles on her face.
베키는 얼굴에 주근깨가 있는 귀여운 소녀였답니다.

bebop.
비밥.

beau.
미남역.

ophelia will not accept hamlet's lewd advances.
오플리아는 헴릿의 외설적인 진보를 받아들이지 않을 것이다.

(william somerset maugham).
남의 충고에 따라 옳은 일을 하여 얻는 것보다 스스로 애쓰다 잘못한 실수를 통해 더 많은 것을 얻을 수 있다고 감히 말하겠어요. (윌리엄 서.

(william somerset maugham).
머셋 모옴 , 실패명언).

limo.
리무진.

beatification is the last formal step before possible sainthood.
미화는 성인이 되기 전의 마지막 공식적인 절차이다.

officiate.
주례를 서다.

officiate.
주혼.

officiate.
주례 목사.

slay.
죽이다.

slay.
주멸.

calumny.
참소.

calumny.
무함.

calumny.
참언.

calumny and detraction are sins , as is bearing false witness.
비방과 비난은 죄악이며 이는 위증을 하는 것이다.

bearcat.
판다.

beanstalk.
콩대.

beanfeast.
위로연.

beanfeast.
위안회.

connector.
연결 장치.

connector.
커넥터.

connector.
접합구.

beady.
뚫어지게 쳐다보다.

permeate.
스미다.

permeate.
침투.

bazar.
자선시.

puritans soon followed the pilgrims and established a settlement in massachusetts bay colony.
청교도인들은 곧 그 순례자들을 따라와 매사추세츠의 베이 식민지에 정착했다.

guantanamo officials have reported 41 unsuccessful suicides since the united states began taking detainees to the base in january 2002.
관타나모 기지 관리들에 따르면 , 지난 2002년 1월 , 이 수용소가 운영되기 시작한 이래 , 41차례 자살 미수 사건이 있었으나 , 실제로 사망자가 발생한 것은 이 번이 처음입니다.

bawl.
대성을 지르다.

bawl.
울다.

bawl.
소리치다.

superstructure systems for design of highrise buildings.
슈퍼구조시스템을 이용한 초고층 구조물의 설계.

battlement.
성가퀴.

battlement.
총안흉벽.

heraldry is still studied in europe.
유럽에서는 여전히 문장학(가문학)을 연구한다.

heraldry developed as a means of identifying knights on the battlefield.
문장은 전장에서 기사들을 구별하기 위한 수단으로 발달되었다.

battingaverage.
타율.

battingaverage.
타격률.

charger.
충전기.

charger.
세류 충전기.

charger.
급속 충전기.

bathe the wound and apply a clean dressing.
상처를 세척하고 깨끗한 붕대를 감아라.

moonlit dewdrops spangle a delicate spiderweb.
풀잎의 이슬방울이 번쩍거렸다.

baste.
시치다.

baste.
징거매다.

summary.
줄거리.

michelangelo was a trailblazer in the renaissance period.
미켈란젤로 는 르네상스 시기의 선구자이다.

union-bashing.
노조 맹공격.

clara was a very shy and bashful girl.
클라라는 매우 조심성있고 수줍어하는 아이였다.

baseline-free crack detection in steel structures using lamb waves and pzt polarity.
램파와 압전소자 극성을 사용한 강구조의 실시간 균열손상 감지기법 개발.

supportive.
내조자.

supportive.
좋은 친구들이 있어서 감사하게 생각하고 있어요..

supportive.
뒷배를 보다.

chadian president idris deby announced that he would cut ties with sudan on friday.
차드의 이드리스 데비 대통령은 금요일 , 수단과의 외교 관계를 단절할 것이라고 발표했습니다.

colonization was one way this was achieved.
이것을 이룬 하나의 방법은 식민지화였다.

basal metabolic rate is the rate.
기초 대사량은 비율이다.

consultant.
컨설턴트.

consultant.
자문 위원.

perseverance.
와신상담.

perseverance.
뚝심.

perseverance is the mother of success.
무슨 일에든지 견딜성이 있어야 성공하는 법이다.

perseverance will prevail in the long run.
인내력이 있는 자가 최후의 승리를 거두는 법이다.

barracuda.
꼬치고기.

baroness.
남작 부인.

barnyard.
피밥.

barnyard.
핍쌀.

barnyard.
겉피.

scraping down side of bowl frequently.
자주 사발의 측면을 매끄럽게 해라.

stile.
세로어리.

orchard.
과수원.

orchard.
사과밭.

orchard.
감귤 농장.

moakler released a statement saying she was devastated by reports that barker has been publicly seen with hilton on more than one occasion.
모클러는 바커가 한 번 이상 힐튼과 공개적으로 함께한 모습이 목격된 신문을 보고 황폐해졌다는 내용을 발표했다.

kirkpatrick , chasez and timberlake went looking for a baritone and found him at a '70s night at the pleasure island club in orlando.
그 후 이들 3명이 바리톤 음성의 멤버를 찾고 있을 때 올랜도의 플레저 아일랜드 클럽에서 70년대 노래를 부르던 한 소년을 발견한다.

mogul.
무굴제국.

tinker.
땜질하다.

tinker.
땜장이.

tinker.
솥땜장이.

barcelona.
바르셀로나.

messi is a typical modern-day winger.
메시는 전형적인 현대의 윙어입니다.

barcarole.
베니스의 뱃노래.

barcarole.
뱃노래.

locust.
메뚜기.

locust.
황충.

locust.
쥐엄나무.

sociologist ilham geytanchi says iran's president has manipulated the nuclear issue for personal political advantage.
그러나 일함 게이탄쉬씨는 이란의 대통령은 사적인 정치적 이익을 위해 핵 문제를 조작했다고 말합니다.

westboro baptist church is a pariah in the us.
웨스트보로 침례교회는 미국에서 따돌림받는 교회이다.

walt disney , which owns the rights to winnie the pooh , is planning a year of celebrations for 2006.
곰돌이 푸우에 대한 판권을 소유한 월트 디즈니사는 2006년을 기념의 해로 계획하고 있는 중이다.

baptismal.
세례명.

baptismal.
영세명.

baptismal.
세례식.

bap-based efforts can be credited with helping some rare species such as the stone curlew (burhinus oedicnemus) , which has benefited from cooperation from farms in areas where the birds breed.
bap에 기반을 둔 노력들은 물떼새의 일종과 같은 몇몇 희귀 종들을 돕는 것으로 돌릴 수 있는데 , 이것은 새들이 번식하는 지역의 농장으로부터 협조를 얻 어서 도움을 받았어요.

jealousy reared its ugly head and destroyed their matrimony.
질투심이 머리를 쳐들어 그들의 결혼생활은 파국에 이르렀다.

xinhua says the plant manufactures explosives for civilian uses such as mining.
이 공장은 광업용 등 민간용 폭발물을 제조하는 곳이라고 신화통신은 전했습니다.

xinhua reported rodman as saying that the one-day talk is significant for interactions between the two defense ministries.
신화통신은 로드맨 차관보가 하루 일정의 이번 회담에 대해 , 미국과 중국 국방부간의 상호교류를 위해 중요한 것이라고 말했다고 보도했습 니다.

banknote.
지폐.

banknote.
화폐.

bankloan.
은행융자.

gambia and eritrea are also in the bottom ten , along with two asian countries : nepal and cambodia.
감비아와 에리트레아 역시 아시아권인 네팔과 캄보디아와 함께 하위 10위 안에 들었습니다.

whimper.
잉잉 울다.

whimper.
킹킹거리다.

bandits are in hiding in the woods.
산적들은 숲 속에 잠복하고 있다.

staple food prices are rising by around 20%.
주요 식품의 가격이 약 20% 가량 올랐다.

valerie studied dance in hopes of becoming a ballerina.
발레리는 발레리나가 되기를 꿈꾸며 무용을 공부했다.

sosa is predicting a close election that will hinge on the candidate's persona.
소사는 입후보자들의 면면에 선거의 승리가 달려있는 치열한 선거를 예상하고 있다.

balsam.
봉선화.

ballplayer.
직업야구선수.

ballplayer.
프로 야구 선수.

ballplayer.
직업 야구 선수.

potholes , street asphalt , guardrails , or reflective markers on city-maintained streets need to be repaired or replaced.
시에서 관리하는 도로의 움푹 팬 곳 , 아스팔트 포장재 , 가드레일 , 반사 표지를 보수하거나 교체해야 되는 경우.

five-hundred and ninety-four ballots were cast.
549명이 투표를 하였다.

circumnavigate.
일주.

circumnavigate.
주항.

ballisticmissile.
탄도미사일.

ballast.
밸러스트.

ballast.
바닥짐.

ballast.
모래 밸러스트.

balkline.
보크라인.

medusa's baleful look would turn men into stone.
메두사의 사악한 시선은 사람을 돌로 만들어버린다.

baleen.
고래수염.

baleen.
경수.

balancedue.
밀린 돈.

bailor.
기탁자.

baikal.
바이칼 호.

baguio.
바기오.

ronald fiske's latest mystery thriller , diary box , is sure to be another hit for the best-selling author.
로널드 피스크의 최신 미스터리 스릴러인 " 다이어리 박스 " 가 베스트셀러 저자의 또 다른 히트작이 될 것으로 예상됩니다.

bagging.
봉지씌우기.

bagging.
자룻감.

bagging.
자루포장기.

baggageman.
수하물 운반인.

baggageman.
하물계(원).

hutton's speech did contain a lot that will baffle.
휴튼의 연설 중 많은 부분은 이해되지 않는 내용이었다.

daniel wrote a letter to susan.
다니엘이 수잔에게 편지를 썼다.

badmouth.
헐뜯다.

badmouth.
흉보다.

badmouth.
험담.

badminton is now one of asia's most popular sports.
배드민턴은 아시아의 가장 인기있는 운동중의 하나이다 ,.

badlands.
황지.

smelt.
제련.

smelt.
정련.

baden.
바덴바덴.

bacteroid.
박테로이드.

bacteroid.
가세균.

oakdale laboratory's research is devoted to finding improved treatments for serious bacterial , fungal , and viral infections.
오크데일연구소는 치명적인 박테리아 , 균류 및 바이러스성 감염에 대한 보다 효과적인 치료법 개발에 전념하고 있다.

rivet.
리벳을 치다.

rivet.
리벳 집게.

clothesline.
빨랫줄.

clothesline.
빨랫줄을 치다.

clothesline.
횃줄.

uneducated.
교육을 받지 못한.

uneducated.
무학의.

mb select white bread and push " start. " dak's gazzette.
사용 가능한 디스크 공간이 부족하기 때문에 이 드라이브에 시스템 복원을 일시 중단했습니다. 시스템 복원을 다시 시작하려면 를 누르고 최.

mb select white bread and push " start. " dak's gazzette.
소한 200mb의 사용 가능한 디스크 공간을 늘리십시오.

swanstrom think india would have to backtrack a bit when it comes to energy security as long as the international community , that is the united states , can guarantee that india's energy needs will be secured without this pipeline.
스완스트롬은 또한 미국 등 국제사회가 인도의 에너지 안보가 이같은 가스관 없이도 에너지 수요를 확보될 수 있다고 보증할 수 있다면 , 인도는 약간 물러 서야 할 것으로 생각한다고 밝혔습니다.

sync.
립싱크.

backside.
볼기.

backside.
엉덩방아(를) 찧다.

backout.
발뺌하다.

backout.
나자빠지다.

backout.
물러서다.

lovable.
사랑스럽다.

lovable.
사랑스러운.

lovable.
사랑스러운 미소.

compliment.
칭찬.

compliment.
칭송.

compliment.
찬사.

backer.
후원자.

backer.
후견인.

backdown.
물러서다.

backdown.
꽁무니(를) 빼다.

backcourt.
백코트.

backalley.
뒷골목.

babysit.
애를 보다.

babysit.
정기적으로 아이 셋을 돌보고 있어요..

babysit.
그 여자는 친구들의 딸을 돌본다..

baboon.
비비.

devon motors impressive new line of fuel-efficient cars has won many prestigious awards from the automobile industry.
데븐 모터스 사의 연비 효율이 높은 인상적인 새 차종은 자동차 업계의 권위 있는 상들을 여러 개 수상했다.

babelism.
바벨.

babelism.
바벨탑.

slovakia is called the country at the heart of europe.
슬로바키아는 " 유럽의 심장 " 이라고 불립니다.

upgrading of unreasonable supervision administration system in public housing the significance prospects of digital space.
디지털 공간의 의의와 전망.

czarism.
차리즘.

cytology.
세포학.

cystoscope.
방광경.

cyrillic.
꼬부랑글자.

121 seats in japan's upper house of parliament were up for election.
일본의 참의원 121석을 선출하는 선거가 실시되었습니다.

cypriot(e) ; cyprian.
키프로스의.

cynthia and shelley work in a conservative industry ? banking.
신시아와 쉴리는 은행이라는 보수적인 업계에서 일을 한다.

cynical.
냉소적.

cynical.
시니컬하다.

cynical.
비아냥스럽다.

predictably , the new regulations proved unpopular.
예견하던 대로 그 새 규정은 인기가 없음이 입증되었다.

cynics will say that there is not the slightest chance of success.
부정적인 사람들은 성공 가능성이 조금도 없다고 말할 것이다.

cymbalist.
심벌즈 연주자.

constellations are groupings of the brighter visible stars in the night sky.
별자리는 밤하늘에 밝게 보이는 별들을 구분짓는 것이다.

cycloid.
원형의.

cycloid.
사이클로이드.

cycloid.
원린.

yielding.
푹신하다.

yielding.
폭신하다.

yielding.
휘청휘청.

cyanide.
청산가리.

cyanide.
시안화물.

cyanide.
청화물.

cyanamide.
칼슘시안아미드.

cyanamide.
석회질소.

mackerel.
고등어.

mackerel.
비늘구름으로 덮인 하늘.

cost-cutting measures helped the company post a profit of $1.95 million in the first quarter.
그 회사는 비용절감 조치 덕분에 1/4분기에 195만 달러의 수익을 기록했다.

cutover.
발매 면적.

cutover.
벌채 면적.

cutover.
벌채지.

cutlassfish.
갈치.

cuss.
욕.

deformity.
기형.

deformity.
선천적 불구.

witchcraft is now a recognized religion in the united states.
마술은 이제 미국의 승인된 종교이다.

currencyprinciple.
통화주의.

currant.
건포도.

currant.
까치밥나무.

mo is wearing an expression like a sulky four-year-old.
모는 토라진 네 살 짜리 같은 표정을 하고 있다.

pip is a very curious young boy.
pip은 매우 호기심 많은 어린 소년이다.

curiosa.
외설서.

there're exhibiting surrealist painters' artworks. i am dying to see it.
초현실주의 화가들의 작품이 전시 중인데 , 너무 보고 싶어요.

frederic chopin and john field both composed sets of nocturne.
프레드릭 쇼팽과 존 필드는 둘 다 야상곡 집을 작곡했다.

curer.
치료자.

curer.
기도치료사.

dyslexia is not just a negative disorder.
난독증은 부정적이기만 한 장애가 아니다.

wrench.
삐다.

cupping.
부항.

cupping.
흡각법.

cupping.
부항을 뜨다.

cupola.
돔.

cupola.
큐폴라.

cupola.
포탑.

cumulus.
뭉게구름.

cumulativevoting.
연기 투표.

cumulativevoting.
누적 투표.

cumin seeds.
쿠민 씨앗.

cumbersome.
번거롭다.

gunter wilhelm grass was born on october 16 , 1927 in danzig , (now the polish city of gdansk) , the son of a grocery store owner.
귄터 그라스는 1927년 10월 16일 댄지그(현재 그단스크의 폴란드 도시)에서 , 식료품점 주인의 아들로 , 태어났습니다.

deity.
신령.

deity.
신의 노여움을 진무하다.

deity.
성황당.

oslo in norway came in as the costliest place to live followed by paris in france , copenhagen in denmark and london in england.
노르웨이의 오슬로가 살기에 가장 비싼 도시로 선정되었고 이어 프랑스의 파리 , 덴마크의 코펜하겐 그리고 영국의 런던이 그 뒤를 이었어요.

visit(www.visit.uiuc.edu.) does not just offer up an enormous list of sites and expect you to cull through it.
visit은 방대한 사이트 리스트를 제공하지 않으며 , 사용자가 이 검색 엔진을 통해 추려내게 하지도 않습니다.

cuirass.
보호판.

piggy.
돼지.

piggy.
돼지 저금통.

piggy.
돼지 저금통에 동전을 넣다.

cud.
되새김질.

cud.
새김질거리.

cud.
새김질.

cucumber face packs have a whitening effect.
오이 팩은 미백 효과가 있다.

telecommuting , however does have its disadvantages.
그러나 재택근무도 그것의 단점을 가지고 있다.

telecommuting has become increasingly popular , and for good reason.
재택근무는 좋은 이유들로 인해 점점 인기를 얻고 있다.

lioness.
사자.

lioness.
암사자.

lioness.
라이온.

cubans' small businesses would begin to feel more of an ability , an opportunity to earn money , to be in small businesses.
쿠바의 자영업자들이 소규모 영업을 통해 돈을 벌 기회가 생긴 것을 반길 것입니다.

concise.
간결하다.

concise.
콘사이스.

chronicles.
실록.

crystallose.
크리스탈로오제.

cryst..
결정 석탄산.

cryst..
결정 편암.

crystallo-.
결정기.

crypt.
선와.

crypt.
음와.

crutches can ease pain by keeping your child's weight off his or her hip.
목발은 당신의 자녀의 무게를 덜어줌 으로서 고통을 덜어 줄수있다.

magma erupts in the form of lava.
마그마는 용암의 형태로 분출된다.

famed search engine google is hitting the road.
유명한 검색엔진 구글이 길을 나섰습니다.

crumbly.
푸석푸석.

crumbly.
퍼석퍼석.

crumbly.
왜그르르.

shards of sharp splinter hurtled through the air.
날카로운 조각 파편이 공중에서 부딪혔다.

senseless.
비상식적.

senseless.
감각이 없는.

dampen the left corner with a little water.
좌측 코너를 약간의 물로 적셔요.

libido.
성욕.

libido.
리비도.

libido.
성욕이 강하다.

cartel.
카르텔.

pythagoras was a greek philosopher who made important developments in mathematics , astronomy , and the theory of music.
피타고라스는 수학 , 천문학 , 그리고 음악 이론에 중요한 발전을 이룬 그리스의 철학자였어요.

crotchet.
사분음부[표].

crotchet.
구상 기관.

crotchet.
사분음표.

crosswind.
맞바람.

crosswind.
옆바람.

crossover is a type of fusion music mixed with various genres of music.
크로스오버는 다양한 장르의 음악들이 융합된 퓨전 음악이다.

crosscut.
동가리톱.

crosscut.
대톱.

crosscut.
횡단로.

bellcore spin-off tellium , inc. , oceanport , nj (www.tellium.com) introduced the first optical cross-connect in 1998.
뉴저지의 오션포트에 있는 bellcore spin-off tellium , inc.(www.tellium.com)는 1998년 처음으로 광회선분배(optical cross-connect)를 도입했습니다.

bellcore spin-off tellium , inc. , oceanport , nj (www.tellium.com) introduced the first optical cross-connect in 1998.
뉴저지의 오션포트에 있는 bellcore spin-off tellium , inc.(www.tellium.com)는 1998년 처음으로 광회선분배(optical cross-connect)를 도.

bellcore spin-off tellium , inc. , oceanport , nj (www.tellium.com) introduced the first optical cross-connect in 1998.
입했습니다.

pentagon.
오각형.

crone.
마고할미.

crone.
버커리.

crone.
쪼그랑할머니.

lara goods.
라라 물자.

crockery breaks easily.
질그릇은 부서지기 쉽다.

strand.
가닥.

strand.
좌초.

tess is not evil , those around her were evil.
테스는 악마가 아니고 , 그녀의 주변이 악마인 것이다.

hypersensitive.
과민성의.

hypersensitive.
극도로 민감한.

hypersensitive.
감도가 아주 좋다.

pedestrians are walking along the street.
보행자들이 거리를 걷고 있다.

pedestrians should be given priority over vehicular traffic.
차보다 보행자가 우선이다.

proximity.
근접.

proximity.
근접 효과.

crisp.
짯짯하다.

crisp.
빳빳하다.

litegard keeps fabrics looking and feeling crisp and fresh longer.
라이트가드는 옷감을 보송보송하고 막 손질한 듯한 모양과 촉감으로 오랫동안 유지시켜 줍니다.

mordant.
매염제를 사용하다.

mordant.
매염성의.

mordant.
매염 염료.

gladys was crippled by polio at the age of 3.
그의 노력은 금요일에 심한 타격을 받았다. 이 날 내무부 장관이 논쟁이 된 투표용지의 수를 8만에서 5천으로 줄였다.

preoccupation with outcomes makes us mindless.
결과에 대해 너무 마음을 쓰다보면 마음이 어지러워진다.

kelly is not a dreamer since she always keeps her feet on the ground.
켈리는 언제나 현실적이기 때문에 몽상가는 아니다.

indulged as babies , these cash-wielding teens are now asserting their identities through what they wear , what they eat , what they listen to.
어렸을 때부터 애지중지 자란 이 돈 많은 10대들은 현재 입는 것 , 먹는 것 그리고 듣는 것으로 자신들의 개성을 표현하고 있습니다.

yalta is located in the crimea , a peninsula in the black sea.
얄타는 흑해의 있는 반도인 크림 반도에 위치하고 있다.

detach the database from the server so that the database files can be copied. a detached database can not be used until it is attached again.
데이터베이스 파일을 복사할 수 있도록 데이터베이스를 서버에서 분리합니다. 분리된 데이터베이스는 다시 연결될 때까지 사용할 수 없습니다.

puberty.
사춘기.

puberty.
파과.

cr..
크레셴도.

disillusion and response of the fine art toward the contemporary architecture.
건축에 대한 동시대 미술의 각성과 대응.

crenelation.
총안.

cardboard.
판지.

cardboard.
마분지통.

cardboard.
골판지.

superstitious beliefs.
미신적인 믿음.

unsecured.
무담보의.

unsecured.
담보 없이.

unsecured.
무저당 대금.

creditable.
신용할 수 있는.

outrage.
능욕.

outrage.
포학.

harry's made the multi-millionaire rowling one of the wealthiest women in britain.
해리로 인해 천만장자 롤링은 영국에서 가장 부유한 여성들 중 한 명이 되었습니다.

harry's adventures begin in the rambling castle that is hogwarts.
해리의 모험은 덩굴 있는 성 즉 , 호그와트에서 시작했다.

surrealist painter dali tapped his creative potential by lying on a sofa.
초현실주의 화가인 달리는 소파에 누워서 자신의 창조적 잠재력을 이끌어내곤 했다.

vasquez uses reinforced concrete blocks to create a cooler , more comfortable interior.
바스케즈는 철근 콘크리트 블록을 사용하여 보다 시원하고 편안하게 내부를 꾸몄습니다.

creasy lisa , do not hang up on me.
크리시 리사 , 전화 끊지 마.

creak.
삐걱거리다.

creak.
버걱거리다.

miniskirts are the fad these days.
요즘엔 미니스커트가 유행이에요.

trump.
트럼프의 으뜸패.

trump.
비장의 수를 쓰다.

trump.
사소한 일에도 트집을 잡다.

trump tower is one of donald's favorite buildings.
트럼프 타워는 도널드씨가 가장 좋아하는 건축물 중 하나다.

craving.
욕망.

craving.
욕구.

craving.
갈구.

indonesia's newly inaugurated president has sworn in his cabinet.
인도네시아의 신임 대통령이 새 내각을 출범시켰습니다.

attaching their names to a hip spot is a way to keep them in the limelight.
근사한 장소에 자신의 이름을 붙임으로써 그들은 계속해서 인기를 유지 할 수 있습니다.

materialism.
유물론.

materialism.
물질주의.

materialism.
황금만능주의.

snobbish.
거만하다.

ichabod crane is the story's main character.
ichabod crane는 이 이야기의 주인공이다.

derrick : personally , i am convinced that civil rights should not be curtailed in the absence of a clear and present danger to the safety of others.
데릭 : 개인적으로 , 저는 공민권이 분명하게 존재하는 다른 사람들의 안보에 대한 위협이 부재할 때는 박탈되어서는 안 된다고 생각해.

snowflake.
눈송이.

snowflake.
설편.

snowflake.
흰멧새.

crabbed.
야살스럽다.

crabbed.
난해.

coyote.
코요테.

muller , is ceo at spyker international motor holding b.v.
뮬러씨는 스파이커 인터내셔널 모터 홀딩 법인의 최고경영자이다.

throng.
몰려오다.

throng.
인파.

nhs tribunal is referred to as the tribunal.
대법원의 결정이 발표된 직후 부쉬 대통령은 특별군사법정을 합법화시키기 위해 국회와 협력할 모종의 방안이 있을 수도 있음을 시사했습니 다.

power. (david brin).
권력은 부패한다고들 말하나 , 실은 권력이 부패되기 쉬운 이들을 끌어당긴다고 말하는 것이 더 정확하다. 분별있는 이들은 대개 권력 이외의 다른 것들에.

power. (david brin).
의해 이끌린다. (데이비드 브린 , 명예명언).

aww , thanks for covering for me. i should be back by 9 : 30.
와 , 나 대신 미리 해줘서 고마워요. 9시 30분까지는 돌아올 거예요.

courtofappeals.
항소법원.

courtier.
조신.

courtier.
조관.

courtier.
권신.

nonpareil.
절품.

shutdown.
폐업.

shutdown.
폐장.

countersignature.
연서.

counterproposal.
반대 제안.

counterproposal.
반대제안.

counterpressure.
반대 세력.

counterpressure.
반대압력.

counterplea.
부수항변.

rumsfeld is to have a talk with his vietnamese counterpart and other top officials.
럼스펠드 장관은 팜 반 짜 베트남 국방장관 등 고위 관계관들과 회담을 갖습니다.

li thinks rising wages will boost consumption and therefore be good for the chinese economy.
리는 임금상승이 소비를 자극시킬 것이고 , 그건 중국경제에 도움이 된다고 생각합니다.

counteroffensive.
반격.

counteroffensive.
역습.

counteroffensive.
반공 작전.

counterirritant.
반대자극제.

counterfeit.
위조.

counterfeit.
모조.

counterfeit.
가짜.

counterdeed.
반대증서.

counteragent.
중화제.

postpartum.
산후 몸조리.

counsel.
상담.

vying.
주도권 다툼을 벌이다.

cottonseed.
목화씨.

cottonseed.
면실.

cottonpowder.
솜화약.

rattlesnakes occur in the warmer , drier parts of north america.
방울뱀은 북미의 따뜻하고 건조한 지역에 존재한다.

thumper's owner roland cote said his house caught on fire early sunday when he was sleeping.
썸퍼의 주인 로널드 코트는 이른 일요일 그가 자고 있는 동안 그의 집에 불이 났다고 말했어요.

cotangent.
코탄젠트.

tunic was a sort of a knee-length t-shirt.
튜닉이란 무릎까지 오는 티셔츠 같은 것이었다.

costal.
늑골의.

costal.
늑연골.

centrality in the western cathedral architecture.
서양교회건축에 나타난 중심성에 관한 연구.

jay gatsby is a very wealthy man.
jay gatsby 씨는 매우 부유한 남자다.

serge lokot demonstrates how the logor cosmetic line uses creams and an ultrasonic machine to reduce wrinkles.
서지 로코트는 미용크림과 초음파 발생기를 이용해서 잔주름을 없애는 로고어 화장품의 사용방법을 보여 주고 있습니다.

cosign.
보두다.

cortex.
피질.

cortex.
피층.

cortex.
대뇌피질.

cerebrum : the biggest part of the brain is the cerebrum.
대뇌 : 뇌의 가장 큰 부분은 대뇌예요.

corsican.
해인초.

collusion.
담합.

collusion.
야합.

cafeteria.
매점.

strode.
징검징검 걷다.

strode.
성큼성큼 걷다.

strode.
보폭.

nomadic.
유목의.

nomadic.
유목 민족.

nomadic.
유랑 생활을 하다.

spastic.
뇌성 마비의.

decomposition.
부패.

trans fat reportedly raises dietary cholesterol and can increase the risk for coronary heart disease.
트랜스 지방은 식이 콜레스테롤 함량을 높이고 관상동맥 심장 질환의 발병 위험을 높이는 것으로 보고되고 있습니다.

dietary fiber helps to lower the level of cholesterol and blood sugar , which reduces the risk of heart disease and diabetes.
식이 섬유는 콜레스테롤과 혈당의 수치를 낮춤에 있어 도움이 되는데 , 이로 인해 심장병과 당뇨병의 위험성이 줄어든다.

coronal.
관상 봉합.

coronagraph.
코로나 그래프.

cornish company that manufactures marine safety helmets.
해양 안전모를 제작하는 cormish 회사.

cornflower.
스토케시아.

cornflower.
보릿잎동자꽃.

hash.
칼질하다.

hash.
돌솥비빔밥.

hash.
지딱이다.

corkscrew.
병마개뽑이.

corkscrew.
코르크 따개.

corduroy.
코르덴.

corduroy.
코듀로이.

corduroy.
코르덴 바지.

chaebol is a korean term for a conglomerate of many companies clustered around one parent company.
재벌이란 한국어 용어로 하나의 모기업을 중심으로 여러 기업들이 무리지워진 대규모 기업집단을 일컫는다.

preview.
시사회.

preview.
예고편.

preview.
vip 시사회.

coralline.
산호질의.

scuba gear is also available for rent for certified divers.
자격증을 갖춘 다이버들을 위한 스쿠버 장비도 이용 가능합니다.

marina watched him drive away until late.
마리나는 늦게까지 그가 차를 몰고 가는 모습을 지켜보았다.

copydesk.
정리부.

copula.
접합부.

copula.
계사.

copula.
지정사.

recant.
철회.

icelandic jola sveinar and befana of italy the greek callicantzaroi fairies gather together to celebrate winter solstice , vanishing on twelfth night.
아이슬란드의 졸라 스베나와 이탈리아의 비파나 그리스의 캘리캔자로이 요정은 함께 모여 12일절 전야제 밤에 사라지며 동지를 축하합니다.

coparcenary.
공동 상속권.

homestay.
홈스테이.

coord..
x 좌표.

cartesian coordinate system is used for graphing equations and geometric shapes.
데카르트 좌표계는 도표 방정식과 기하학적 도형에 사용된다.

n. korea's major agricultural development status and cooperative measures.
북한의 주요 농업개발 현황과 협력방안.

harmonious cooperation is everything in accomplishing something.
도둑질을 해도 손발이 맞아야 한다.

mencius.
맹자.

mencius.
공맹.

mencius.
공맹지도.

mencius agreed with light taxes , less wars , education , harmony and cooperation.
맹자는 낮은 세금과 적은 전쟁 , 교육 , 화합 그리고 협동에 뜻을 모았다.

pediatrics.
소아과.

coon.
흑귀자.

cajun chicken / cuisine.
케이즌 닭요리/요리법.

invert chocolate dough onto pink dough ; invert green dough onto chocolate dough.
초콜렛 반죽을 분홍색 반죽 위에 놓고 뒤집습니다. 초록색 반죽은 초콜렛 반죽 위에 놓고 뒤집습니다.

cookerybook.
요리책.

dodger.
탈세자.

dodger.
세금포탈자.

trellis.
포도시렁.

trellis.
등나무 시렁.

paw.
발.

paw.
허우적거리다.

calmly explain to her how it embarrasses you when she tells others your problems.
그녀가 네 문제를 남들과 이야기할 때 네가 얼마나 당황스러운지 조용히 그녀에게 설명해라.

aso tells reporters that japan does not import oil or gas directly from the region , but he sees that market as a source for a stable supply , if there is tumult in the middle east or supplies from other oil exporting countries become unreliable.
아소 장관은 기자들에게 일본은 이 지역에서 석유와 천연가스를 직접 수입하지는 않지만 만일 중동에 소요가 발생하거나 다른 석유 수출국 가들로 부터의 석유 공급이 차질을 빚게 될 경우 중앙 아시아 시장을 안정적인 에너지 공급원으로 보고 있다고 말했습니다.

unplug your television and cable converter during severe electrical storms to avoid damage.
뇌우가 심할 때는 피해를 막기 위해 텔레비전이나 케이블 컨버터 플러그를 뽑아 놓으십시오.

nudity.
전라.

nudity.
적나라.

nudity.
벌거숭이로.

descartes is also credited as being the founder of geometry and cartesian coordinates.
데카르트는 기하학과 데카르트 좌표의 창시자로 인정받고 있다.

descartes presentation of the mind body problem has given me a new topic to explore.
심신문제에 대한 데카르트의 표상은 나에게 탐구할만한 새로운 논제를 주었다.

conversazione.
잡담자리.

over. or p.t.o.
뒷면에 계속.

hwaseong newtown model complex competition : new town project , 1.
화성(동탄) 신도시 시범단지 현상설계.

conventionality.
인습.

conventionality.
보통으로 하는 투.

conventionality.
틀.

flux distribution of the dish concentrator.
dish형 집광기 플럭스 분포 특성.

flux density distribution of the dish solar concentrator (kierdish ii).
kierdish ii 태양열 집광시스템의 플럭스밀도 분포.

contuse.
타박상을 입히다.

whoever is right in this medical controversy , it seems only the sick are suffering.
의약분업 논쟁에서 어느 쪽이 옳든 , 고통받는 것은 환자뿐인 것 같아요.

whoever got that job would be poised to claw his way up the corporate ladder.
그 자리는 누가 맡게 되건 승진할 위치에 놓이게 될 것이다.

whoever got that job would be poised to claw his way up corporate ladder.
그 자리를 맡는 사람은 누구나 승진할 위치에 놓이게 될 것이다.

whoever controls the country controls the natural resources and therefore the concession money from the western companies.
누구든 국가를 지배하는 사람이 자연의 자원을 지배하며 따라서 서방 기업들의 권리금도 지배한다.

homosexuality is not explicitly referred to in the egyptian legal system , but a wide range of laws covering obscenity , prostitution and public morality are punishable by jail terms.
동성애는 이집트 사법 체제에서는 명백하게 언급되어 있지 않지만 , 외설 , 매춘 및 공중 도덕에 관해서는 다양한 법이 존재해 , 감옥형을 받을 수 있습니다.

contrive.
고안.

contrive.
책략을 꾸미다.

contrive.
포섭책을 강구하다.

sulphur dioxide is a pollutant and a major contributor to acid rain.
이산화황은 오염 물질이고 산성비의 주요 원인이 되는 물질이다.

upbringing plays an important part in determining a person's character.
한 사람의 성격을 결정하는 데는 그 사람의 가정교육이 중요한 역할을 한다.

contr..
반대의.

contr..
콘트랄토.

contr..
콘트랄토 가수.

beijing's ethnic minorities park was prior to this campaign , named racist park , showing a good example of just how bad or even offensive a mis-translation can be.
베이징의 " 소수 민족 공원 " 은 이 캠페인에서 우선시 되었는데 , 이 것은 " 인종차별주의자 공원 " 이라고 불리면서 오역이 얼마나 나쁘고 저속할 수 있는 지를 보여주는 좋은 예가 되었습니다.

hitch has become something of an urban legend in new york city.
히치하이킹은 뉴욕도시의 근거없는 소문이 되었다.

contraceptive.
피임약.

contraceptive.
피임기구를 사용하다.

contraceptive.
피임기구.

cache.
은닉처.

cache.
은닉 물자.

contort.
일그러지다.

contort.
뒤둥그러지다.

continuity.
연면.

continuity.
콘티뉴이티.

continuity.
촬영 대본.

continentalshelf.
대륙붕.

continence.
계색.

contextual information.
맥락 관련 정보.

plaintiff.
원고.

martina contented herself with a bowl of soup.
마티나는 수프 한 그릇에 자족했다.

prefabricated.
조립식 주택.

prefabricated.
간이[조립] 주택.

prefabricated.
프리패브 주택.

prefabricated concrete shell with corrugated surface.
골형(파형)단면의 콘크리트 곡면구조에 관한 연구.

ozonation technology development for the remediation of a soil with contaminated organic compounds.
오존을 이용한 유기화합물 오염토양 복원기술 개발(최종).

padlock.
자물쇠.

padlock.
맹꽁이자물쇠.

yawns are even more contagious than the common cold.
하품은 보통 감기보다 더 잘 전염됩니다.

multi-zone temperature control algorithms for a multi-type cooling system.
멀티형 냉방시스템의 멀티존 온도 제어알고리즘.

oceania.
오세아니아.

oceania.
대양주.

oceania.
남양 군도.

consumerism.
불건전한 소비문화를 조장하다.

arthroscopies consume a huge amount of time.
관절경 검사법은 아주 많은 시간을 소모한다.

cons..
컨설팅 회사.

cons..
종성.

cons..
정리 기금.

consulgeneral.
총영사.

constructor.
시공사.

constructor.
해군조선관.

constructor.
철도부설업자.

stimulation.
자극.

stimulation.
독려.

constrain.
제한.

constrain.
강박.

disclosure of details relating to mr. hamza's case while it is ongoing would constitute a breach of confidentiality.
진행 중에 있는 함자씨 사건의 상세한 내용을 공개하는 것은 비밀준수의무의 위배에 해당한다.

castor.
해리향.

discord.
불협화음.

constabulary.
경찰대.

constabulary.
경찰관할구역.

consolation.
위로.

consolation.
위안.

consign.
위탁.

consign.
적송.

consign.
화물을 탁송하다.

clout.
영향력.

clout.
실권이 없는 간판 사장.

conservator.
보존자.

conservativeparty.
보수당.

nonetheless , it is a lot of money.
그럼에도 불구하고 , 이건 꽤 많은 돈이다.

nonetheless , it was quite an interesting argument.
그래도 그 논쟁은 꽤 흥미로웠다.

successive.
대대의.

successive governments have tried to tackle the problem.
연이은 정부들이 이 문제를 해결하려고 노력해 왔다.

conscript soldiers/armies.
징집병/징집군.

connote.
내포하다.

connote.
함축하다.

connote.
포함.

jacobson limited is looking for a trade support specialist in the connecticut area.
주식회사 제이콥슨에서는 코네티컷 지역에서 활동할 무역 지원 전문가를 찾고 있습니다.

ruskin schorey plc headquarters are located in stamford , connecticut.
러스킨 쇼레이사의 본사는 코네티컷주 스탬포드에 위치해 있다.

conman.
사기꾼.

conman.
협잡꾼.

histamine causes the blood vessels in the conjunctiva , the clear membrane that covers the white of the eye , to swell up.
히스타민은 눈의 흰자를 덮는 맑은 막인 결막 안의 혈관이 부어 오르게 만듭니다.

chronological.
연대순의.

staccato sounds.
스타카토로 내는 음들.

surmise.
추측.

surmise.
추찰.

surmise.
췌마.

coniferous.
침엽수림.

congruence.
합동.

congruence.
상합.

recreation park.her life. high and three feet in diameter.
그가 어디로 옮겼는지 알 수 있으세요 ?.

congratulations. we will all miss you here , but i am sure you will like houston.
축하해요. 우리 모두 당신이 없어서 섭섭하겠지만 , 당신이 휴스턴을 좋아할 거라고 믿어요.

jamie , let me congratulate you once again on your promotion to section manager.
제이미 , 부서장으로 승진하게 된 것을 다시 한 번 축하합니다.

jamie seems so busy. she must live a life in the fast lane.
제이미는 너무나도 바빠 보인다. 그녀는 분명히 숨가쁜 생활을 살고 있을 것이다.

hardship.
고생.

hardship.
풍파.

hardship of life has left its trace on her face. or her face was worn out by hardship of life.
그녀는 어려운 살림에 찌들었다.

gracie hart , miss congeniality 2 is a fine sequel.
그레이시 하트 , 미스에이전트2 는 훌륭한 속편이다.

hive.
벌집.

hive.
벌통.

hive.
군서.

unyielding.
반골의.

unyielding.
비타협적.

confluence.
회류.

confluence.
합류점.

confluence.
회류점.

subsequently.
이어서.

subsequently.
그후.

confine yourself to observing and you always miss the point of your own life.
당신 자신을 방관하는 것으로 국한 시키면 당신은 삶에 중심을 잃게 될 것입니다.

confidentially.
은밀히.

confidentially.
비밀히.

confidentially.
내밀히.

supremely confident , he focused entirely on landing new accounts.
매우 자신만만한 사람으로써 , 그는 전적으로 고객을 유치하는 데에 집중했다.

conferee.
회의출석자.

conferee.
회의참가자.

ordinarily , the process of buying clothes irritates me.
대개 옷을 사는 과정은 나를 짜증나게 한다.

hose.
호스.

hose.
소방 호스.

hose.
호스로 물을 뿌리다.

conduction.
전도.

conduction.
열전도.

conduction.
전도 전류.

conductiometric titration.
전쟁을 수행하다.

condolence.
조의.

condolence.
조위.

condolence.
경조.

preventive.
예방 혈청.

preventive.
공해를 방지하는.

preventive.
예방 보전.

tracer.
추적자.

tracer.
추적 원소.

tracer.
추적표지.

constructional methods of western-chou in china.
중국서주시대 건축구법에 관한 연구.

condensate.
축합물.

condemnation.
비난.

condemnation.
통매.

condemnation.
과죄.

decision-making in iran is an ambiguous process , and analysts must decipher the iranian leadership just as a generation of analysts before tried to read the thinking of the politburo of the now-vanished soviet union.
이란의 의사 결정은 불투명해서 전문가들은 지금은 사라진 구소련 공산당 정치국의 의중을 파악하기 위해 애쓰던 이전 세대처럼 이란의 생 각을 판독해야만 합니다.

concord.
화합.

concord.
인화.

conclusively.
결정적으로.

conclusively.
확정적으로.

conclusively.
단정적으로 말하다.

conclave.
교황 선거 회의.

conclave.
비공개 회의.

subminiature.
초소형의.

subminiature.
초소형 카메라.

subminiature.
초소형화.

conceptional.
개념시.

conceptional.
완성예상도.

conceivably.
상상할 수 있는.

conceivably.
온갖 수단과 방법을 다 쓰다.

nam raises dissent against superpowers the non-aligned movement (nam) summit ended in havana , cuba on september 17 with a decision by member states to intensify efforts to transform what they called the present unjust international order.
초강대국에 대한 반감을 표시한 비동맹운동 정상회의 비동맹 운동 정상회의가 그들이 " 불공정한 국제 질서 " 라 부르는 것을 개혁하려는 노력을 강화하자는 결정과 함께 9월 17일 쿠바 하바나에서 막을 내렸다.

comsomol.
콤소몰.

computerize.
컴퓨터로 처리하다.

computerize.
전산화하다.

computerize.
모든 것이 전산화되어 있다..

tibet was a brutal , feudal society.
봉건사회의 티베트는 잔혹했다.

comptometer.
계수기.

resonance phenomenon according to the relationship between span length of the bridge and effective beating interval of high-speed train.
교량의 지간장과 고속전철하중 유효타격간격 사이의 관계에 따른 공진현상.

two-stage forecasting using change-point detection and artificial neural networks for stock price index.
2000 추계정기학술대회 : 지능형 기술과 crm.

quasi - three dimensional calculation of compressible flow in a turbomachine considering irreversible h-s flow.
터어보 기계 내부의 비가역 h-s 유동을 고려한 준3차원 유동해석.

compressing ip/udp/rtp headers for low-speed serial links.
저속 시리얼 링크를 위한 ip/udp/rtp 헤더 압축.

comprehensible.
양해할 수 있는.

hyphen.
하이픈.

hyphen.
하이픈을 사용하다.

hyphen.
두 낱말을 하이픈으로 잇다.

compositive.
복-.

compositephotograph.
합성사진.

musically speaking , their latest album is nothing special.
음악적으로 말하면 그들의 최신 앨범은 전혀 특별하지 못하다.

olivier is accused of complicity in her kidnap and rape.
올리비에는 유괴와 강간에 연루된 혐의로 기소되었다.

closure of the hospitals was phased over a three-year period.
그 병원들의 폐쇄는 3년에 걸쳐 단계적으로 진행되었다.

compiler.
편찬자.

compiler.
엮은이.

outsmart.
다른 사람보다 약다.

outsmart.
한술더뜨다.

unquestionable.
여부없다.

unquestionable.
번하다.

unquestionable.
재론의 여지가 없다.

compelling.
흥미진진하다.

compelling.
억지 춘향(이).

compelling.
꺽짓손.

medalist.
메달리스트.

medalist.
메달 획득자.

medalist.
금메달 수령자.

cresta run.
콤팩트.

communize.
공산화하다.

communize.
비공산화.

ned , we are providing a valuable community service.
네드 , 우리는 사회에 봉사하는 거요.

dominican.
도미니카 사람.

manned.
유인의.

manned.
유인우주선.

manned.
유인 궤도 비행.

liquidate.
청산.

liquidate.
재산을 청산하다.

lastly , do you have anything to say to your fans , miss lim ?.
마지막으로 , 임씨 , 팬들에게 하고 싶은 말이 있다면 ?.

communicable diseases.
전염성 질병들.

subsistence.
구복.

subsistence.
최저 생활 수준.

subsistence.
현지 조달.

prudence.
신중.

prudence.
지려.

prudence.
가리사니.

surrealism was the name for very strange art and literature that was dreamlike and odd.
초현실주의는 매우 이상한 예술과 몽환적이며 기묘한 문학을 일컫는 말이었어요.

commonmeasure.
공약수.

osteoarthritis.
척추증.

osteoarthritis.
캐신벡(씨)병.

commondivisor.
공약수.

committeeman.
선거 위원.

committeeman.
설립위원.

committeeman.
교섭 위원.

brencorp has demonstrated a strong commitment to employee development through its many incentive programs.
브렌코프 사는 다양한 인센티브 제도를 통해 직원들의 능력개발에 지대한 관심을 갖고 있다는 사실을 보여 주었다.

himself. (andre malraux).
지도자의 첫 번째 의무는 특별한 노력없이 자신이 사랑 받게 만드는 것이다. 어느 누구에게도 , 심지어 스스로에게도 아부하지 않고 자연히.

himself. (andre malraux).
사랑 받는 것이다. (앙드레 말로 , 명예명언).

commendation.
표창.

commendation.
표창받다.

commendation.
추장할 만하다.

tenure choice and demand for housing quantity and quality : an econometric analysis with special referenc.
주택소유 및 거주형태선택과 주택규모 및 질에 대한 수요.

commemorative stamps.
기념우표.

scavenge stale resource records send command to server to start scavenging of stale resource records.
부실 리소스 레코드 청소 부실 리소스 레코드의 청소를 시작하도록 서버에 명령을 보냅니다.

reload.
재장전.

sledgehammer.
닭 잡는 데 소 잡는 칼을 쓰다.

comer.
새로 온 사람.

comer.
신출.

comer.
선착자.

delicatessen , a morbid comedy set in a visually ravishing futuristic dystopia.
델리카트슨 , 보기에만 아름답고 미래의 현대적이나 아주 생소한 이상적이지 않은 사회에대해 병적으로 집착하는 코메디물.

verdi had long hankered to write a comedy.
베르디는 희극을 쓰기 위해 오랜 시간 갈망했다.

comedown.
내려오다.

comedown.
아래로 내려오다.

misfortunes never come single. or one misfortune rides upon another's back.
불행은 항상 겹쳐 온다.

pricking.
따끔따끔.

pricking.
욱신욱신.

pricking.
얼쩍지근하다.

lg.
수영장구조원.

legalize.
입법화하다.

legalize.
합법화하다.

legalize.
양성화.

apoptosis is characterized by dna fragmentation , cell shrinkage , and a lack of inflammatory response.
세포 사멸은 dna 절편화 , 세포 축소 , 염증반응의 부재로 특징 지어 진다.

duplicate column name resolution could not be done because the ordinal specified a column of a different name.
그 서수가 다른 이름을 가진 열을 지정했기 때문에 열 이름 중복을 해결할 수 없습니다.

columbine.
매발톱꽃.

columbine.
꿩의다리.

helios.
태양신.

miscellaneous.
잡다하다.

colorman.
그림물감장수.

colorimeter.
측색계.

colophony.
콜로포늄.

colonelcy.
대령의 직위.

merrill lynch released its annual world wealth report today , showing there are about 600 , 000 more millionaires in the world now than there were a year ago.
보고서에 따르면 전 세계 백만장자 수가 1년 전보다 60만 명 가량 증가한 것으로 나타났습니다.

geological survey in golden , colo. , said it was a magnitude-6.1 temblor.
golden , colo의 지질학적 측량은 진도 6.1의 지진이었다고 말했다.

colloid.
콜로이드.

colloid.
교질의.

colloid.
교질.

weighty.
근중.

weighty.
굵직하다.

collimate.
시준.

collet.
콜릿.

uh , well , it's a collection of songs by a lot of different people.
음 , 다른 많은 사람들이 만든 노래들을 모은 것이에요.

collator.
조회기.

collator.
조합기.

collaborative design management system for curtain wall.
협업 기반의 커튼월 설계관리 시스템 구축에 관한 연구.

nyu hopes the collaboration with the national university of singapore will serve as a model for future global law programs.
뉴욕 대학교 측은 싱가포르 국립 대학과의 협력이 미래 국제 법 프로그램의 유형이 될 수 있기를 바란다고 말했습니다.

checkmate.
외통.

destiny.
팔자.

destiny.
운명.

destiny.
숙명.

retro.
복고풍.

retro.
역추진 로켓.

retro.
역로켓.

coherer.
코히러.

cognizant.
코그니전트 테크놀로지 솔루션.

cognac.
코냑.

cogitate on the problem ; the solution will come.
이 문제를 곰곰이 생각해 봐라. 해결책이 떠오를 것이다.

coffeemaker.
커피메이커.

rna fragments of less than three hundred nucleotides called snrnas.
뉴클레오타이드의 갯수가 300개보다 적은 rna 조각들 snrna 라고 부른다.

codding.
대구.

codding.
대구탕.

codding.
대구알.

pivot.
중심지.

pivot.
주축.

pivot.
구심점.

hoodlum.
불량배.

hoodlum.
폭력배.

mutton can be tough , but it tastes good.
양고기는 질길 수 있지만 맛은 좋다.

cockneyism.
런던 영어.

cockneyism.
런던 사투리.

cockfighting.
투계.

iodine is essential to the production of thyroid hormones.
요오드는 갑상선호르몬의 생산에 있어 필수적이다.

fluoride toothpaste was introduced from the early 1970s onwards.
불소 치약은 1970년대 초부터 계속 소개되고 있다.

coatofarms.
문장.

shipwrecks provide a so-called artificial reef where marine life flourishes , and some wrecks offer a unique look at a historical event.
난파선은 많은 수중 생물이 번식하는 이른바 인공 암초를 제공하고 어떤 난파선은 역사적인 사건의 고유한 시각을 제공한다.

berlusconi is one of europe's top media tycoons.
베를루스코니는 유럽의 최고의 언론재벌 중 하나이다.

coalgas.
석탄 가스.

medicated cleansing pads for sensitive skin.
약품 처리된 민감성 피부용 청결 패드.

dose.
복용.

dose.
복용량.

uplifted.
융기 해안.

uplifted.
융기.

uplifted.
사회 도덕의 앙양.

commissioning model for cm services considering project and owner properties.
프로젝트 및 발주자 특성을 고려한 cm업무 위탁모델.

pluto was first discovered in 1930 by an american astronomer clyde tombaugh and it has been considered a planet ever since.
명왕성은 미국 천문학자 클라이드 톰바가 1930년 처음 발견했으며 그 이후로 행성으로 여겨졌다.

drenched with sweat , my shirt clung to my back.
셔츠가 땀에 젖어 등에 착 달라붙었다.

taboo.
금압.

taboo.
금기.

cloverleaf.
입체교차로.

clovepink.
카네이션.

clouding.
구름.

clouding.
끼다.

motorcar.
자동차.

motorcar.
자동차를 뒤집다.

toff and associates conducted the research in which simon snedden and 72 other healthy volunteers took part.
토프씨와 동료들은 사이몬 스네든씨와 72명의 다른 건강한 자원자들이 참여한 연구를 실시했습니다.

campaigners handed out leaflets on passive smoking.
남자가 거리에서 전단을 돌리고 있다.

reprieve.
사형 집행 유예.

reprieve.
집행연기영장.

reprieve.
사형집행유예.

tailed.
꼬리에 고리 무늬가 있는 원숭이.

tailed.
바다꿩.

closedown.
닫다.

closedown.
공장 폐쇄.

cloister.
승원.

cloister.
둔세소.

clod.
덩어리.

clod.
흙덩어리.

cloaca.
배설강.

clipper.
이발기.

clipper.
클리퍼.

clipper.
전기 이발기.

clinker.
클링커.

clinker.
소괴.

climbdown.
기어내리다.

reshuffle.
재편.

scolding.
꾸중.

scolding.
핀잔.

clement vii came up with a plan on how to end the schism.
클레멘트 7세는 분열을 종식하는 방법에 대한 계획과 함께 등장했다.

dilettantism.
딜레탕티즘.

dilettantism.
저회취미.

dilettantism has always had its place in the liberal party , but clement freud never sought to run it.
자유당에서 애호주의는 그 명맥을 유지했음에도 불구하고 클레멘 프루드는 그것을 결코 내걸고자 하지 않았다.

clivers.
갈퀴덩굴.

cleansingcream.
클렌징크림.

clayey soil.
점토질 토양.

clavichord.
클라비코드.

coarser clasts , such as pebbles and cobbles , form a rock called a conglomerate.
조약돌과 자갈과 같은 정련되지 않은 쇄설암들은 역암으로 불리는 암석을 형성합니다.

anderson's only son oliver will replace him in both positions , it was announced , effective january first of next year.
앤더슨 씨의 외아들인 올리버 씨가 내년 1월 1일부터 공식적으로 이 두 직책을 맡게 될 것으로 전해지고 있습니다.

professorial duties.
교수의 의무.

classicalism.
의고주의.

classicalism.
고전 숭배.

fernando torres will be top scorer in the premier league.
페르난도 토레스는 프리미어 리그 최고의 골잡이가 될 것이다.

vanquish.
전패국.

vanquish.
패잔의.

claro.
클레오.

disclose.
발설하다.

clank.
쟁강거리다.

clang ! clang ! there goes the bell.
땡그랑 땡그랑'종소리가 울렸다.

claimer.
인수인.

derby.
더비.

derby.
홈런 더비.

dongwon fb.
식용으로 부적합한 이 만두 속은 cj와 동원 fb 등 유명 대기업들이 포함된 대규모 식품 업체들에 판매됐다.

civilrights.
인권.

civilrights.
시민권.

civilrights.
민권.

citystate.
도시국가.

cityscape and view : public show window vs. private show window.
경관과 조망 - 공공의 쇼윈도와 사유의 쇼윈도.

hospitalization can also keep you safe from self-injury.
입원은 또한 당신 스스로 자해하는 것으로 부터 지켜준다.

citrus.
감피.

citrus.
감귤류.

citrus.
왕귤나무.

citronella.
시트로넬라.

citrine.
담황색.

citrine.
황수정.

citizenry.
시민.

citizenry.
시민들의 편의를 도모하다.

citation.
인용.

who'd know that her paintings would become the cinderella of arts some day ?.
그녀의 그림이 어느 날 예술의 신데렐라가 될 줄은 누가 알았겠는가 ?.

cirri.
권운.

circumstantial.
상세하다.

circumspect.
신중.

circumspect.
요밀요밀하다.

circumspect.
요밀하다.

sequoia.
세쿼이아.

thc affects the brain and the circulatory system , especially the heart.
thc(테트라하이드로카나비놀)는 뇌와 순환계에 영향을 미친다. 특히 심장에 더욱 그러하다.

tingle.
쿡쿡 쑤시다.

circulatingcapital.
유동 자본.

circulatingcapital.
유통 자본.

circuitous.
우원하다.

circuitous.
간접적인.

circuitous.
우회 생산.

temptress.
요부.

temptress.
요희.

sprinkler head actuation time evaluation by use of performance-based fire modeling.
성능기반 화재 모델링에 의한 스프링클러헤드 작동시간 평가.

cinnamonstone.
육계석.

cinematize.
영화화하다.

cinefilm.
영화용 필름.

cinefilm.
팔밀리.

computer-integrated manufacturing.
시아이엠.

ciliary.
섬모의.

ciliary.
모양체.

ciliary.
섬모반.

overpower.
압도.

overpower.
위압.

overpower.
압복.

cigarettecase.
담뱃갑.

cidervinegar.
사과 식초.

c4n.
안녕히 계세요/가세요..

c..
센트.

c..
난 꼼짝할 수 없어 !.

c..
(남의) 술책에 빠지다.

c..
귀를 솔깃하게 하는 것.

whiz.
달인.

whiz.
명수.

churl.
생마새끼.

churl.
잡것.

chunk.
덩어리.

chunk.
살덩이.

chunk.
고깃덩어리.

shrug.
으쓱하다.

shrug.
어깨를 으쓱하다.

chrysoberyl.
금록옥.

chromium-plated steel.
크롬을 도금한 강철.

chromatophore.
색소체.

chromatophore.
유색체.

chromatophore.
색소 세포.

chromatography.
크로마토그래프법.

chromaticity.
색도.

christy , is the sample copy ready yet ?.
크리스티 , 견본용 사본이 준비되었나요 ?.

christianize.
그리스도교화.

salvador dali was born in spain in 1904.
살바도르 달리는 1904년 스페인에서 태어났어요.

chlorophyll.
엽록체.

chlorophyll.
클로로필.

chlorophyll.
시금치에 포함된 풍부한 엽록소는 혈액을 맑게 해 줍니다..

chorister.
합창자.

chorister.
합창대원.

yup , it seems like the idea will remain as common knowledge.
그렇다 , 이 생각은 상식적으로 남겨질 것이다.

yup , it's the mosquitoes.
맞다 , 모기이다.

yup , everything is done in english.
네 , 모든 것이 영어로 됩니다.

abdullahi used pieces of old cars and motorcycles to build the chopper.
압둘라히는 낡은 차와 오토바이의 조각을 헬리콥터를 만드는 데 사용했습니다.

lim was recently drafted into the army ; he quickly formed a successful starcraft team.
미스터 임은 최근 군대에 입대했다. 그는 신속하게 성공적인 스타크래프트 팀을 만들었다.

lim : let's look at the other side of the coin.
임 : 동전의 다른 면을 한번 살펴보자.

cholesterin.
콜레스테린.

choking back of appetite is difficult.
식욕을 억제하는 것은 어렵다.

chm..
성가대장.

chm..
창가대장.

chm..
외통수로 올몰다.

mulberry leaves are the food of choice for silkworms.
뽕나무 잎은 누에가 선택한 먹이다.

chlortetracycline.
클로르테트라사이클린.

chlorideoflime.
클로르칼크.

evauation of the concrete sealers for protection of chloride attack(i).
염해방지를 위한 콘크리트 표면도장재료의 성능평가.

chivalrous.
무협의.

chivalrous.
의기 있는.

chivalrous.
의협적인.

hynix will admit to charges that it has schemed to fix the price of dynamic random access memory or dram chips between april 1999 and june 2002.
하이닉스는 1999년 4월부터 2002년 6월까지 디램 칩의 가격을 의도적으로 조작한 혐의를 (법정에서) 시인할 것이라고 합니다.

crum had invented a new delight , the potato chip !.
크럼은 감자칩을 발명한 것이다 !.

chinesecheckers.
다이아몬드 게임.

chinchilla.
친칠라.

despondency.
허탈감.

despondency.
허탈 상태.

despondency.
불행의 구렁텅이에 빠지다.

chilies are originally from south america.
고추는 원래 남아메리카 지방이 원산지이다.

permissive.
허용할 수 있는.

permissive.
자유방임하는 부모.

permissive.
허용적 분위기.

deserving.
너는 칭찬받을 만 해..

deserving.
욕가마리.

deserving.
죽어도 싸다.

childabuse.
아동 학대.

chickpea.
이집트콩.

chickenbreast.
새가슴.

immerse 1 sheet of rice paper into the warm water.
한장의 라이스페이퍼를 따듯한 물에 담궈라.

immerse chicken wings in the marinade.
닭날개를 양념장에 담궈라.

tai.
기공체조.

tai.
태국사람.

tai shan received a frozen treat filled with apples , carrots and fruit juice.
타이샨은 사과 , 당근 그리고 과일주스로 채워진 얼린 간식을 받았어요.

chested.
가슴이 밋밋하다.

chested.
(여자가) 가슴이 납작하다.

chested.
가슴이 빈약하다.

mentored by three-time world champion boris ivanov , grand master kotov first taught chess in the soviet union.
세계 챔피언 3관왕인 보리스 이바노프에게 사사한 최고 명인 코토프는 처음에 소련연방에서 체스를 가르쳤다.

chemurgy.
농산화학.

chem..
정밀[종합] 화학.

chemic.
화학적.

peppy.
올차다.

peppy.
생기가 발랄하다.

shah.
페르시아 황제.

draughts.
다이아몬드 게임.

cheater.
사기꾼은 절대 성공 못한다..

chauvinism.
국수주의.

chauvinism.
쇼비니즘.

chauvinism.
배외주의.

chastitybelt.
정조대.

charybdis.
민꽃게.

charterage.
용선료.

charterage.
선박 사용료.

charterage.
차터.

ceres.
직신.

ceres.
곡신.

ceres.
세레스.

rustic.
야취 있는.

rustic.
멋대가리 없는.

philadelphia.
필라델피아.

myrtle.
백일홍.

myrtle.
도금양.

charlatan.
돌팔이.

charlatan.
사이비 학자.

charlatan.
돌팔이 의사.

questionable.
의심스럽다.

questionable.
미심.

questionable.
의심스러운 주장.

trusting.
신탁행위.

trusting.
절 믿어 주세요..

trusting.
마음을 주다.

chaperon.
샤프롱.

metaphor.
은유.

metaphor.
메타포.

chandler.
선구상.

chancy.
위태롭다.

chalkboard.
칠판.

magnetite.
자철석.

chainsmoke.
줄담배를 피우는 사람.

chagrin.
발을 구르며 분해 하다.

chagrin.
실패를 분해 하다.

chagrin.
분해하다.

chafer.
풍뎅이.

sudan's foreign ministry has also disavowed the al-qaida statements , saying darfur is an internal problem that does not involve the international community.
수단 외무부도 다르푸르는 국제사회와 무관한 내부 문제라고 말하며 알카에다의 주장을 부인했습니다.

taurus : april 20~may 20 (symbol : the bull) traditional traits : patient , reliable , persistent , jealous , inflexible , placid , loving , warmhearted , greedy , self-indulgent , determined , resentful , practical , dependable.
황소자리 : 4월 20일~5월 20일 (상징 : 황소) 전통적인 특징들 : 인내심이 있고 , 믿을 수 있고 , 고집이 세고 , 질투심이 강하고 , 완고하고 , 차분하 고 , 인정이 있고 , 따뜻한 마음을 가지고 있고 , 욕심이 많고 , 제멋대로이고 , 확고하고 , 화를 잘 내고 , 현실적이고 , 의지할 수 있다.

dilate.
눈이 커다래지다.

dilate.
그녀의 동공이 확장되었다..

certifiedmail.
배달 증명 우편.

cerebralhemorrhage.
뇌출혈.

centra vac free cooling.models cv-6a thru cv-12f.
냉동기의 프리-쿨링.

solarium.
일광욕실.

federalism is intended to diminish the power of the central state.
1995년 8월 중부지방대홍수.

centner.
센트네르.

centner.
센트너.

cg.
센티그램.

centesimal.
백분 도표.

centaury.
센토리아.

viola is still a beautiful woman.
viola는 아직도 아름다운 숙녀이다.

celibate.
독신주의자.

celibate priests.
결혼을 안 하는 사제들.

celeb.
유명 인사.

wed.
결혼하다.

wed.
결혼.

sal ami's designer clothes after christmas sale is going on now , with prices slashed as much as 70% , and some suits starting as low as $129 ($149 including tailoring).
크리스마스 세일이 끝난 지금도 살 아미 의류는 가격을 70% 할인하고 있으며 , 일부 품목은 최하 129달러(수선을 포함하면 149달러)로 판매 하고 있습니다.

caw.
깍깍.

caw.
깍.

caw.
깍깍거리다.

searchers found the missing child in the innermost part of the cave.
수색대는 동굴 가장 깊숙한 곳에서 실종된 아이를 찾아냈다.

searchers found more bodies in the rubble of collapsed buildings in the niigata prefecture.
구조대원들은 니가타 현의 붕괴된 건물 잔해에서 더 많은 시신을 발굴했습니다.

val works for an advertising agency.
발은 광고 회사에서 일한다.

causeway.
둑길.

caus..
사역동사.

caus..
사동사.

shoplifter.
들치기.

caucasian.
백인.

caucasian.
백인종.

caucasian.
코카서스 인종.

catnap.
선잠.

catnap.
겉잠 들다.

catnap.
노루잠.

cation.
양이온.

cation.
카티온.

cathy learned how to cook japchae from jane.
cathy는 jane으로부터 잡채를 요리하는 법을 배웠다.

dame joan appeared to tumultuous applause and a standing ovation.
조운 여사는 소란스러운 박수와 기립박수에 모습을 드러냈다.

metamorphose.
탈바꿈.

metamorphose.
변태엽.

catechu.
아선약.

catechu.
카테큐.

catechetical.
문답식으로.

catchpole.
포리.

salinger's catcher in the rye , holden caulfield is faced with many obstacles.
샐린저의 호밀밭의 파수꾼에서 홀든 콜필드는 많은 어려움에 대면하게 된다.

headline.
헤드라인.

headline.
크게 보도하다.

headline.
대서특필.

catatonia.
긴장병.

catalyst.
촉매.

casualism.
우연론.

castration.
거세.

castration.
거세술.

castorsugar.
백설탕.

castorsugar.
설탕 가루.

turbo.
터보 라이터.

turbo.
소라딱지.

turbo.
터보램제트엔진.

neutron.
중성자.

neutron.
열중성자.

neutron.
뉴트론.

casseroles : sweet potato casserole , tuna casserole , chicken casserole : you name it , it's filled with butter , sugar , carbs and extra calories.
캐서롤 : 고구마 캐서롤 , 참치 캐서롤 , 치킨 캐서롤 : 여러분은 그것의 이름을 댈 수 있습니다. 그것은 버터 , 설탕 , 게 그리고 다른 칼로리로 채워져 있습니다.

cashbook.
금전출납부.

casein.
카세인.

casein.
건락소.

casein.
카세인 나트륨.

seduction.
유혹.

seduction.
후림.

cartwright.
짐수레제조인.

letting.
생살.

letting.
천사슬.

letting.
알음장.

cartilage is like bone , but is much lighter and more flexible than it.
연골은 마치 뼈와 같지만 , 뼈보다 훨씬 부드럽고 유연성이 있다.

nixon put the good of the country ahead of his self interest.
닉슨은 그 자신의 이익보다는 국가를(국가의 이익을) 우선시 했다.

carryover.
넘기다.

northbound traffic will have to be diverted onto minor roads.
북쪽으로 향하는 차량들은 소도로들로 우회해야 할 것이다.

northbound 88 is normal for this hour. route 5 looks good in the eastbound lanes.
북쪽 방향 88번 고속도로는 이 시각 현재 정상 운행되고 있으며 , 5번 도로 동쪽 방향도 원활한 소통 보이고 있습니다.

wal-mart says it expects to post double digit sales growth in china this year.
월마트는 올해 중국 시장에서 두자릿수 매출 성장을 기록할 것으로 내다보고 있습니다.

carpology.
과실 분류학.

vocation.
천직.

caroline devoted much of her life to education.
캐롤린은 일생의 대부분을 교육에 헌신했다.

labradors and other large breeds of dog.
래브라도와 다른 큰 품종의 개들.

carious.
카리에스에 걸린 아이.

carious.
충치가 아프다.

mavy others would soon follow. between 1492 and 1520 alone , at least 50 sailing vessels sank in and around the caribbean.
그 이후로는 선박 침몰 사건이 잇따라 발생했는데 , 1492년 과 1520년 사이에만 적어도 50척의 선박이 카리브해와 이 인근에서 침몰되었습니다.

shuck.
벗기다.

shuck.
에참.

carditis.
심장염.

cardigan.
카디건.

cardigan.
카디건을 입다.

cardigan.
카디건을 짜다.

carcinogenesis.
발암.

carburetor.
카뷰레터.

carburetor.
기화기.

carboy.
카르보이.

carbonfiber.
탄소섬유.

sugary.
달다.

sugary.
단[짠] 음식.

carafe.
물병.

carafe.
유리 물병.

carafe.
물주전자.

cap..
1인당 소득.

cap..
두상 화서.

cap..
방사상두상화.

unbending.
완강하다.

dec..
데시미터.

dec..
객랍.

levi took pots , blankets , rope , and canvas for tents.
리바이는 항아리 , 담요 , 밧줄 , 텐트용 무명천 등을 가져갔다.

tempera.
템페라.

tempera.
템페라 화가.

they' ve had to dispense with a lot of luxuries since mike lost his job.
마이크가 실직한 후 그들은 많은 사치품 없이 지내야만 했다.

cantilever.
캔틸레버교.

cantilever.
거버교.

canonical.
표준 변량.

canonical.
경외서.

canonical.
법의.

cannula.
캐뉼러.

psychedelic.
사이키델릭.

psychedelic.
환각제 상용자.

canker.
문명의 해독.

candidacy.
출마하다.

candidacy.
출마.

first-quarter sales are far below our projections.
1분기 매출액이 예상보다 아주 낮아요.

cancellous.
해약금.

cancellous.
해약금을 물다.

cancellous.
주문의 취소.

canary.
카나리아.

chinny sleeps in the bird cage.
치니는 새장에서 잠을 자요.

minnie could have used it in the killing of her husband ; but minnie does not forget how her canary was strangled.
미니는 남편을 죽일 때 그 방법을 택할 수도 있었다. 하지만 그녀는 자신의 카나리아가 어떻게 교살당했는지는 잊지 않고 있다.

campout.
텐트 생활을 하다.

campout.
천막생활을 하다.

camphor.
장뇌.

camphor.
캠퍼.

camphor.
편뇌.

camper.
캠핑카.

camper.
야영자.

camper.
캠핑하는 사람들은 야외 활동을 즐긴다..

seventeen.
십칠.

seventeen.
열일곱.

seventeen.
만 17세.

calypso.
칼립소.

callow.
미숙하다.

callow.
앙달머리.

eradicating human trafficking is a great moral calling of our time.
인신 매매 근절 노력은 이시대의 중대한 도덕적 요구입니다.

callin.
불러오다.

purposeful.
목적이 있는.

purposeful.
생트집을 잡다.

calciumoxide.
산화칼슘.

calciumcarbonate.
탄산칼슘.

calciumcarbonate.
탄산석회.

calcification.
석회화.

reportage.
르포.

reportage.
르포르타주.

reportage.
보고 문학.

whitish.
희끔하다.

whitish.
희읍스름하다.

whitish.
해읍스름하다.

caky.
화장이 너무 진해요..

rotc.
학군단.

rotc.
아르오티시.

rotc.
학군단에 지원하다.

jeong yak-yong projecthas had a record 125% seat occupancy rate in daehakro.
이 연극은 대학로 상연 당시 좌석의 1백25%가 판매되는 기록을 세웠었다.

homeowners took advantage of low interest rates and renegotiated their mortgages.
자택 소유자들은 저금리의 이점을 이용하여 주택 융자금 조건을 재협상했다.

cabriole.
개다리소반.

cabletransfer.
전신환.

cabinetgovernment.
내각제.

hermit.
은둔자.

hermit.
소라게.

hermit.
은자.

cabbageworm.
배추벌레.

mysql includes a c/c++ interface.
mysql에는 c/c++ 인터페이스가 포함되어 있다.

dyspnea.
호흡 곤란.

dyspnea.
호흡 곤란에 빠지다.

dysentery.
이질.

dysentery.
적리.

dynamotor.
직류발전동기.

dynamotor.
발전동기.

dyeworks.
염색공장.

dwelt.
아파트 살림을 하는.

dwelt.
굴에서 살다.

dutiable.
관세가 붙는.

dutiable.
유세의.

dutiable.
유세지.

torpor.
무기력.

torpor.
무기력하게 하루하루를 살아가다.

playback.
재생.

playback.
플레이백.

playback.
녹음 재생.

duplicity.
이중성.

duplicity.
두말.

duplicity.
두마음.

scans single instance storage (sis) volumes for duplicate files , and points duplicates files to one data storage point , conserving disk space.
단일 인스턴스 저장소(sis) 볼륨에 중복되는 파일이 있는지 검색하고 , 중복 파일이 하나의 데이터 저장소를 가리키도록 하여 디스크 공간을 절약합니다.

duopoly is generally an unsatisfactory market structure.
시장 독점은 일반적으로 불만족스러운 시장 구조입니다.

florence nightingale changed the face of nursing from a mostly untrained profession to a highly skilled and well-respected medical profession.
플로렌스 나이팅게일은 대부분 훈련 받지 않은 직업에서 고도로 숙련되고 존경 받는 의료 직업으로 간호학의 얼굴을 바꾸어 놓았어요.

duodenal.
십이지장 궤양.

peptic ulcers include both gastric (stomach) and duodenal (first part of the small intestine) ulcers.
소화성 궤양은 위(위)와 십이지장(소장의 첫 부분)의 궤양을 모두 포함합니다.

reside.
상주.

dugout.
참호.

dugout.
더그아웃.

oxbridge believed that pure economics involved a component of economic history and that the two were forever entangled.
옥스브리지대학 측에서는 순수 경제학은 경제사의 요소를 포함하고 있고 이 둘은 뗄래야 뗄 수 없는 관계라고 주장한다.

picky.
까다롭다.

picky.
까다롭게 먹는 사람.

ductile behaviour of slab-column connections with partially debonded reinforcement under cyclic lateral loading.
부분적인 비 부착 철근을 갖는 슬래브-기둥 접합부의 반복 횡하중에 대한 연성거동.

sun-light duct type collecting devices made of miltilateral prism panel.
다면 프리즘 패널을 적용한 덕트형 태양광 집광 채광장치.

reynolds.
레이놀즈 아메리칸.

heat/mass transfer enhancement in a rectangular duct roughened with discrete ribs.
덕트내 설치된 사각요철의 단락이 열전달 향상에 미치는 영향.

duchy.
대공국.

dryice.
드라이아이스.

hello. i am in room 512. i just plugged in my hair dryer and all the lights went out.
여보세요. 512호실이에요. 방금 드라이어 플러그를 꽂았더니 전기가 모두 나가 버렸어요.

drumstick.
북채.

drumstick.
닭다리.

drumstick.
꽁지머리.

vitafizz also has a special formula for children in grape and strawberry.
어린이들을 위한 포도 맛과 딸기 맛도 있습니다.

psychologists test the ability of rats to go through a maze.
심리학자들은 쥐가 미로를 빠져나가는 능력을 시험한다.

drover.
가축상.

dross.
광재.

dross.
쇠똥.

dross.
쇠더껑이.

drizzle rolls with glaze while still warm.
시나몬 롤이 아직 따뜻할 때 글레이즈를 뿌려준다.

dreaded.
그녀는 그런 예상이 두려웠다..

dreaded.
부끄럼을 알다.

dreaded.
나는 그를 만나는 것이 두렵다..

drip.
방울져 떨어지다.

drip.
링거.

undersea.
해중에.

undersea.
해중 공원.

undersea.
해저 전화선.

dressmakers sells only the top fashions from the top designers around the world.
드레스메이커스 상점은 전세계 최고의 디자이너들이 디자인한 최고급 상품만을 판매합니다.

dressdown.
야단치다.

mina , do not be sad.
미나야 , 슬퍼하지 마.

mina : that's right.
미나 : 맞아요.

mina : non-sense !.
미나 : 말도 안됩니다 !.

ugh ! it's so dark and windy today.
윽 ! 오늘은 너무 깜깜하고 바람이 많이 불어.

dray.
짐수레.

high-end personal computers and computer workstations.
연구소 요원용 컴퓨터들을 여러 대 들여올 거고요 , 언어 합성과 음성 인식 프로젝트를 위한 특수 컴퓨터 뱅크도 들여올 겁니다.

drawingpin.
압정.

draper.
포목상.

draper.
나사 상인.

draper.
직물상.

64m dram product development.
64m dram 제품기술개발.

draftee.
응소병.

draco.
용자리.

ph..
단계적 도입.

unhappiness is not necessarily annexed to poverty.
가난에 불행이 반드시 동반되는 것은 아니다.

downsize.
감축.

downsize.
공장[사업] 규모를 축소하다.

downpayment.
계약금.

downpayment.
선금.

downpayment.
현금 지불.

downgrade.
계급을 내리다.

downgrade.
격하.

downgrade.
폄강.

doubtless , he's not the sharpest pencil in the box.
틀림없이 그는 가장 뾰족한 연필을 상자에 넣지 않을 것이다.

doublenegative.
이중부정.

doubleexposure.
이중 노출.

doty allows that the minutemen actions are largely symbolic , but he says they can have a real political effect.
도티씨는 민병대의 활동은 대체로 상징적인 것을 인정하면서도 그들의 활동이 정치적으로 영향을 미칠 수 있다고 말합니다.

dottedline.
점선.

dottedline.
절취선.

dotage.
망령.

dotage.
익애.

dotage.
혹애.

sodar.
음파기상탐지기.

doorhandle.
문고리.

philanthropic work.
독지 사업.

deduction of correlations between shear wave velocity and geotechnical in-situ penetration test data.
전단파속도와 지반공학적 현장 관입시험 자료의 상관관계 도출.

dominoeffect.
도미노 현상.

domineer.
위세를 부리다.

domiciliate.
정주.

domesticrelationscourt.
가정법원.

poseidon.
해신.

poseidon.
포세이돈.

dolmen.
고인돌.

prefab.
프리패브 주택.

prefab.
조립주택.

dognap.
겉잠.

doggie.
개.

doggie.
포장용 비닐이 있습니까 ?.

documentary.
다큐멘터리.

documentary.
다큐멘터리를 찍다.

documentary.
기록 영화.

doctrinaire attitudes/beliefs/policies.
교조적인 태도/신념/정책.

docket.
변론적요서.

docket.
판결적요서.

docket.
적요서.

tractable.
도야성의.

semen.
정액.

semen.
음액.

diverting.
기금을 유용하다.

diverting.
기분을 풀다.

diverting.
울적한 마음을 풀다.

decompression.
감압.

decompression.
잠수병에 걸리다.

decompression.
감압 장치.

anticorrosion technique manual div. 5.
방식기술편람(최종) : 제5권 방식설계.

dither.
망설이다.

dither.
머뭇거리다.

dither.
주춤거리다.

disunite.
분열.

dissatisfied.
불만스럽다.

dissatisfied.
못마땅하다.

districtcouncil.
구의회.

scafell pike is england's tallest mountain and is located in the lake district.
스코펠봉은 호수 지역에 위치한 잉글랜드에서 가장 높은 산이다.

damsel.
물잠자리.

secretin.
세크리틴.

distillatory.
증류기.

distich.
대구.

tibia.
정강이뼈.

tibia.
하퇴골.

dissimilation.
이화.

khaled meshaal delivered a speech to reporters under tight security in damascus.
칼레드 미샬씨는 삼엄한 경비조치가 취해진가운데 시리아수도 다마스커스에서 기자들에게 연설했습니다.

disseize.
침탈.

misuse.
오용.

misuse.
악용.

misuse of drugs during pregnancy can lead to fetal deformities.
임신 중에 함부로 약을 먹으면 기형아를 출산할 위험이 있다.

disrespect.
무례.

disrespect.
층하.

disrespect.
층하를 두고 사람을 대하다.

prescience.
예지.

disputant.
논객.

disputant.
논쟁자.

disputant.
논자.

disproportion.
불균일.

displacedperson.
실향민.

newman.
새사람.

disordered.
무질서.

disordered.
어수선하다.

thoreau is known for transcendentalism , simple living , and his strong political views.
소로는 초월주의 , 간소한 삶 그리고 강력한 정치적 관점으로 알려져 있습니다.

entrepreneur chris whittle plans to spend an estimated 3 billion dollars to build 200 profit-making , private schools to compete with public schools in major urban areas.
사업가인 크리스 위틀은 주요 도시에 있는 공립 학교들과 경쟁하게 될 영리 목적의 사립 학교 200개를 설립하는 데 예상 금액 30억 달러를 투입할 계획으로 있습니다.

disjoin.
동이 닿지 않는 말을 하다.

disjoin.
인쇄체 문자.

disinvest.
투자회수.

dishevel.
흩뜨리다.

dishevel.
머리를 헝클다.

disharmonious.
불일치.

wig.
가발.

wig.
가발을 쓰다.

wig.
덧머리.

disentangle.
엉클어진 것을 풀다.

disentangle.
풀다.

disentangle.
풀어내다.

disembark.
하선하다.

disembark.
하선.

discursive.
두서없다.

discursive.
산만.

discursive.
만연히.

discriminate clearly between good and bad.
흑백을 가르다.

discretional.
재량 처분.

grooves is a great new way to discover great new music.
그루브는 좋은 신곡을 찾아내는 최선의 방법입니다.

discourtesy.
실례.

discourtesy.
결례.

discordancy.
부부 간의 불화.

discontinuance.
폐지.

discontinuance.
폐간.

discomfortindex.
불쾌지수.

murdoch was labeled the dirty digger by some in the british press , but his ascent to the top of australian and british media ownership was undisputable.
머독은 몇몇 영국 언론사들에 의해 " dirty digger(비열한 호주인) " 라는 수식어가 붙었지만 , 오스트레일리아와 영국 최고 언론 소유주에 오르기 위한 그의 진 보는 논란의 여지가 없었다.

disci.
원반던지기.

disavow.
부인.

disasterarea.
재해 지역.

mundane matters such as eating and drinking do not interest her.
먹고 마시는 것과 같은 세속적인 일은 그녀의 흥미를 끌지 못한다.

polysaccharide.
다당류.

directtax.
직접세.

directorial.
간부회의.

directmail.
다이렉트 메일.

directive.
훈령.

directive.
국방 지령.

directive.
추방령.

directaction.
직접 행동.

webster insurance. how may i direct your call ?.
웹스터 보험회사입니다. 전화를 어디로 돌려드릴까요 ?.

diplomatist.
외교가.

labyrinthine.
미로 같은.

labyrinthine thinking.
미로의 사고.

labyrinthine legislation.
미로같이 복잡한 법률.

roundly.
둥글둥글.

roundly.
야단맞다.

roundly.
뚱글뚱글.

diopside.
투휘석.

dint.
탁마한 덕으로.

dingdong.
엎치락뒤치락하는 경주.

diluvium.
홍적층토.

diluvium.
홍적토.

reelection.
재선.

reelection.
재선거.

reelection.
중임.

dignitary.
고관.

dignitary.
고승.

digitalis.
디기탈리스.

diffidence.
잔부끄럼.

variously , fog is still causing problems , and visibility in some areas is down to two meters.
여러가지로 , 안개는 여전히 문제를 일으키고 있는데 , 어떤 지역에서는 시야가 2미터로 떨어져 있다.

dictation.
받아쓰기.

diclinous.
자웅 이화.

dickens' life as an author commenced in 1834.
디킨스의 작가로서의 인생은 1834년에 시작했다.

dichroism.
이색성.

ivina hates slice and dice film.
아이비나는 공포 영화를 싫어한다.

diatom.
규조류.

diatom.
규조.

diastrophism.
지각변동.

diastrophism.
지각 변동.

aadvisor on child health at the who branch office in manila , says common diseases , such as pneumonia and diarrhea , lead most children to die.
who 마닐라 지부의 어린이 보건 문제 자문가인 마리아나 트리아스씨는 폐렴이나 설사같은 흔한 질병이 주로 어린이 사망을 야기한다고 말했습니다.

aadvisor on child health at the who branch office in manila , says common diseases , such as pneumonia and diarrhea , lead most children to die.
who 마닐라 지부의 어린이 보건 문제 자문가인 마리아나 트리아스씨는 폐렴이나 설사같은 흔한 질병이 주로 어린이 사망을 야기한다고 말 했습니다.

stiffener.
뒷갱기.

dianetics is a set of ideas and practice regarding the relationship between mind and body , or in crude layman's terms , it is about mind over matter.
다이너네틱스는 정신과 육체간의 관계에 관한 이론이자 실천 , 혹은 미숙한 평신도 관점에서 그것은 육체적 어려움을 극복한 정신력이다.

diactinic.
화학선 투사 성능이 있는.

diacritical marks.
발음 구별 부호들.

dextrin.
호정.

dextrin.
덱스트린.

dewdrops are standing on the leaves of the grass.
풀잎에 이슬이 송알송알 맺혀 있다.

adan , a devout muslim , says he supports the islamic courts but not terrorism.
아단은 독실한 회교신자로 이슬람 법정은 지지하지만 테러리즘을 지지하지는 않는다고 말했습니다.

devotee.
신도.

devotee.
애호가.

dagger.
단검.

dagger.
비수.

dagger.
단도.

devonian.
데본기.

deviser.
고안자.

deviser.
입안자.

devildom.
축생도.

drug-taking is a deviation from accepted norms.
마약 복용은 용인된 규범에서 일탈된 행위이다.

deviant.
성도착증 환자.

deviant.
빗금.

deviant.
변질자.

scourge.
채질.

devaluate.
평가 절하하다.

deutzia.
매화말발도리.

deutzia.
말발도리.

landliche neuordnung in der bundesrepublie deutschland flurbereinigung.
독일연방공화국의 농촌공간재편성에 관한 소고.

entwicklungstendenzen in grossiedlungen der bundesrepublik deutschland.
독일연방공화국에서의 주택단지 개발방향(번역문).

deuterium.
중수소.

deuterium.
중수.

overexposure to sunlight can have a detrimental effect on the skin.
햇빛에 너무 많이 노출되면 피부에 해로운 영향을 미칠 수 있다.

detoxify.
해독.

detoxify.
몸에서 독소를 제거하다.

malthusian practices.
산아 제한법.

dethrone.
왕위에서 쫓아내다.

dethrone.
폐위.

madness.
광기.

madness.
광증.

cindy , i heard you have been put in charge of the wagner presentation.
신디 , 와그너 프리젠테이션을 맡았다면서요 ?.

flats followed the stiletto craze for awhile , and heels became as low as two~three centimeters.
짧은 기간의 뾰족 구두 유행 뒤 평평한 구두의 유행이 뒤를 이었고 힐의 높이가 2~3 센치미터 까지 낮아 졌다.

retinal detachment is a medical emergency , and time is critical.
망막분리는 의학적인 응급상황이다. 시간이 가장 중요하다.

hooligans turned over cars and set them on fire.
깡패들이 차들을 전복시키고는 불을 질렀다.

salvage.
난선 구조.

salvage.
해난 구호.

salvage.
구난.

sophocles believes that one's destiny is not prearranged.
소포클레스는 누군가의 운명이 미리 계획되어 있는게 아니라고 믿었다.

desquamate.
박리.

desquamate.
낙설.

desiccate.
건조란.

desiccate.
방습제.

midget.
난쟁이.

midget.
소형 전차.

midget.
서커스의 난쟁이.

viscose.
비스코스.

viscose.
비스코스 레이온.

viscose.
비스코스 인조 견사.

riveting.
일렬 리베팅.

riveting.
리벳을 치다.

riveting.
리벳.

hatter.
모자상.

hatter.
모자점주인.

credit-card companies' efforts to stymie thiefs are getting too complicated.
도둑을 방지하려는 신용카드 회사의 노력은 점점 어려워지고 있다.

depredation.
강탈.

depredation.
겁략.

depreciable.
상각 자산.

stockpiles.
둘때는 , 브라질이 이 파업으로 미국내외에서 미국산 콩 수요가 증가하는 요인으로 작용했고 , 그 결과 미국의 콩 재고가 바닥났기 때문이다.

deontology.
의무론.

deontology.
본무론.

underarm.
액모.

underarm.
액취.

underarm.
부액.

denys.
단호히 부정하다.

denys.
사실을 부인하다.

denys.
범행을 부인하다.

dentin.
상아질.

denominationalism.
교파심.

denominationalism.
교파.

vehement.
격렬하다.

vehement.
맹렬하다.

deneb.
데네브.

demur.
판결에 불복하다.

demos.
데모.

demos.
시위.

demonstratively.
여봐란듯이.

demonstratively.
여봐란듯이 행동하다.

demonstrative / interrogative / possessive / relative pronouns.
지시/의문/소유/관계 대명사.

propaganda was the method of getting ideas across to the german people.
선전은 독일인들을 이해시키기 위한 방법이었다.

wrecking crews descended on the shanty town.
무허가 주택가에 철거반원들이 들이닥쳤다.

hades and paradise.
천당과 지옥.

midwifery for those women is more demanding.
그 여자들을 위한 산파일은 더 부담이 크다.

demagogy.
선동.

demagogy.
데마.

dell.
델.

dell.
고샅.

delimiter. use the lists below to choose the appropriate delimiter.
데이터 필드는 반드시 필드 구분 기호로 구분되어야 합니다. 마찬가지로 데이터 레코드는 레코드 구분 기호로 구분되어야 합니다. 다음 목록에서 구분 기.

delimiter. use the lists below to choose the appropriate delimiter.
호를 선택하십시오.

delict.
불법 행위.

delict.
위법 행위.

twinning.
삼련쌍정.

twinning.
쌍둥이.

twinning.
남자[여자] 쌍둥이.

dejected by his lover's change of heart , he tried to commit suicide.
그는 애인의 변심에 상심하여 자살을 기도했다.

dehisce.
개열.

deflector.
전향장치.

deflationary.
디플레이션 정책.

kimjang kimchi must be done by the traditional way , definitely.
당연히 김장김치는 전통적인 방법으로 담가야죠.

defecate.
배변을 하다.

defecate.
변을 보다.

defacto.
실질적.

deerskin.
사슴 가죽.

photocopy.
카피.

photocopy.
제록스.

photocopy.
복제 사진.

deduce.
추론.

deduce.
추리.

deduce.
추고.

decresc..
데크레셴도.

decresc..
점강.

decouple.
탈동조화현상.

decorous.
예바르다.

decoction.
재탕.

decoction.
탕약.

decoction.
전약.

declension.
격변화.

declension.
격 변화.

declamations against the press are common enough.
언론에 대한 비난은 이제 너무 흔하다.

everytime we performed for the sm town tour in china , we tried to promote our songs to chinese audiences.
중국 sm 타운 콘서트 공연할 때마다 , 중국 관객에게 저희 노래를 홍보하려고 노력했었어요.

decimalize.
십진법화하다.

dl.
데시리터.

sunshade.
차일산.

sunshade.
청우겸용우산.

gloss over.
기만적인.

orville and wilbur wright flew the first airplane on december 17 , 1903.
오빌과 윌버 라이트는 1903년 12월 17일에 최초로 비행을 했다.

wilbur is sitting on the seesaw.
wilbur는 시소 위에 앉아 있어요.

dks.
데카스테르.

dkl.
데카리터.

lavender.
라벤더(꽃)의.

lavender.
라벤더.

debouch.
유출구.

debilitate.
쇠잔.

deathwatch.
살짝수염벌레.

deathagony.
죽음의 괴로움.

deafen.
귀청이 터질 듯이 요란한.

deafen.
귀가 멍하다.

deadreckoning.
추측 항법.

deadair.
방송 중단.

ddd.
장거리 직통 전화 방식.

retaliate.
앙갚음.

retaliate.
갚음.

dayshift.
낮교대.

datum.
소여.

datum.
기본 수준선.

datum.
기준점.

dateless.
날짜가 없는.

showy flowers.
현란한 (색깔의) 꽃들.

vaillant , a psychiatrist at dartmouth medical school , scrutinized a group of harvard university graduates at five-year intervals since their graduation in the early 1940's.
베일런트 씨가 주도한 이번 연구에서는 1940년대 초에 졸업한 하버드대생들을 5년 주기로 조사했다.

nina felt a sudden dart of panic.
니나는 갑자기 공포감이 확 몰려드는 기분이었다.

darning.
감침질.

darning.
제본사.

pineal.
송과선.

pineal.
송과체.

pineal.
소나무.

darkhorse.
다크호스.

persia.
페르시아.

dante held her in high regard and thus immortalized her in his literature.
단테는 그녀를 깊이 존경하고 있었다. 그래서 그의 문학작품속에서 그녀를 불멸화 시켰다.

techno dance is in style lately.
요즘 테크노댄스가 유행이예요.

techno dance is popular these days.
요즘 테크노댄스 인기가 대단해요.

malaise.
해악.

malaise.
고질병.

malaise.
병폐.

tablecloth.
테이블보.

tablecloth.
상[테이블]보.

tablecloth.
식탁보를 깔다.

dakar.
다카르.

sickening.
구역나는.

sickening.
구역질 나는.

dahlia is the smallest , weighing 1.07 kilograms at birth.
달리아는 가장 작은 아이로 , 출생 시에 1.07 킬로그램이었어요.

mommy , i have to tinkle.
엄마 , 나 쉬할래.

mommy , i have got to go pee-pee.
엄마 , 나 쉬할래.

rockefeller's largesse also translates into about $5 billion in today's dollars.
락펠러의 기부금은 오늘날의 달러 가치로 환산하면 50억 달러에 이른다.

hertz : i went to the world cup in 2002 , and enjoyed korean food and culture.
헤르츠 : 2002년 월드컵 때 한국에 가보았어요. 그리고 한국 음식과 문화를 즐겼어요.

hyrax.
히락스.

hypothermia occurs when more heat escapes from your body than your body can produce.
저체온증은 열이 빠져나가 몸에서 만들 수 있는 온도보다 더 떨어지면 발생한다.

hypothecation.
광업 저당법.

hypothecation.
자동차저당법.

hypothecation.
공장 저당법.

pituitary.
뇌하수체.

pituitary.
뇌하수체 호르몬.

pituitary.
뇌하수체 이식.

hypochondrium.
계륵부.

hypochondrium.
히포콘드리.

hypochondrium.
히포콘드리아.

hypochlorite.
하이포아염소산염.

hypochlorite.
하이포아염소산나트륨.

hypochlorite.
하이포아염소산칼슘.

hypnotism.
최면술.

hypnotism.
최면 상태.

hypnotism.
자기최면술.

hypertrophy.
이상 비대.

hypertrophy.
자양 과다.

hyperemia.
충혈.

hyperemia.
뇌충혈.

hypercritic.
혹평가.

hyoscyamine.
히오시아민.

pulsing the machine helps to liquefy all the pieces.
나는 액화천연가스 공장이 그 문제에 대한 해답이라고는 생각하진 않지만 일부분을 해결할 수 있을 것이라고 생각한다.

hygroscope.
검습기.

hygroscope.
습도계.

hyetometer.
우량계.

hydrothorax.
수흉(증).

straining at the lease , he decided to escape from the jail.
자유롭게 되고 싶어서 , 그는 탈옥하기로 결심했다.

hydrostat.
폭발 방지 장치.

hydrostat.
누수 검출기.

hydrophane.
투단백석.

hydrolysis.
가수 분해.

hydrogensulfide.
황화수소.

hydrofoil.
수중익선.

hydrofoil.
수중익.

hydrocyanic.
청산 가스.

hydrocyanic.
청산 중독.

hydrocyanic.
희청산.

hydro.
하이드로스키.

hydro.
배수성.

hydro.
출력 405메가와트의 새로운 수력 발전 계획.

leona helmsley , billionaire hotel operator and real estate investor , also known as the queen of mean , apparently had a soft spot in her heart for her white maltese dog , trouble.
억만장자 호텔 운영자이자 부동산 투자가 , 그리고 " 성질 나쁜 여왕 " 으로도 알려진 레오나 헬슬리는 그녀의 흰색 말티즈 강아지 트러블에게는 부드러운 부분이 있었던 것이 분명합니다.

husk.
까다.

husk.
껍데기를 벗기다.

sizzle.
지글지글 끓다.

sizzle.
지글거리다.

sizzle.
찌글거리다.

sizzle and hush are onomatopoeic words.
'지글지글'과 '쉿'은 의성어다.

husbandage.
선박 관리료.

hurrah for the king !.
국왕 만세 !.

hurdler.
110미터 허들 선수.

hurdler.
허들 선수.

surmount.
극복하다.

surmount.
극복.

hunks.
빵 한 덩어리.

hunks.
버터 덩어리.

humus and other nutrients are washed out of the soils and into the rivers.
부엽토와 다른 영양분들은 땅 밖으로 씻겨나와 강으로 흘러들어갔다.

lewd behaviour / jokes / suggestions.
외설적인 행동/농담/암시.

unfailing.
확실[불확실]한 기억.

unfailing.
언제나 신용할 수 있는 친구.

unfailing.
한결같은 인내심.

humoral.
체액 병리학.

hummock.
구릉.

hummock.
원구.

excursion to the hummer , suvs are entirely too big.
험머로 소풍가기에는 , suv차량들은 전체적으로 너무 크다.

humectants are also useful in softening thickened or scaly skin.
보습제는 또한 두껍거나 벗겨진 피부를 부드럽게 하는데 유용하다.

scaly.
인상의.

particularity.
특이성.

sputnik 1 was a very simple satellite.
스푸트니크 1호는 아주 단순한 위성이에요.

sputnik 2 was considerably larger.
스푸트니크 2호는 상당히 컸어요.

unashamed.
숫기가 좋다.

soliciting customer feedback is essential to building loyalty among our customer base.
고객에게 피드백을 요청하는 것은 고객 충성도를 확립하기 위해 꼭 필요하다.

pal's color signals are maintained automatically , and the tv set does not have a user-adjustable hue control.
pal의 컬러 신호는 자동으로 유지 관리 되며 tv에는 사용자가 조정할 수 있는 색상 컨트롤이 없다.

hoyden.
왈패.

bowen island , population approximately 3 , 500 , is a cozy island in howe sound only an hour from downtown vancouver and a 20 minute ferry ride from horseshoe bay.
보웬섬은 , 인구가 약 3 , 500명으로 , 벤쿠버 도심에서 겨우 한 시간 떨어져 있고 호스슈 베이에서 배로 20분 떨어진 곳에 위치한 하우 사운드에 있는 안락한 섬입니다.

howdy , partner.
안녕 , 파트너.

thankless.
배은망덕.

houseman.
인턴.

houseman.
수련의.

housearrest.
가택 연금.

tuxedo.
턱시도.

submissive.
고분고분하다.

submissive.
공순하다.

tae-ho is still in the hospital.
태호가 아직 병원에 있어.

scandinavian vikings already had settlements here in the eleventh century.
스칸디나비아 바이킹들은 11세기 부터 이미 이곳에 정착했었다.

horus watches this - his son slipping away.
호루스는 그의 아들이 미끄러진 것을 보았다.

horserace.
경마에서 대박으로 벌다.

horseleech.
말거머리.

horseleech.
탐욕가.

justine got the works from the boss as she was performing horribly.
저스틴은 일을 엉망으로 처리했기 때문에 상사에게 심하게 꾸중들었다.

hornet.
말벌.

hornet.
불집을 건드리다[내다].

grandpa's way of thinking is hopelessly out-moded.
할아버지의 사고 방식은 구제 불능일 정도로 케케묵었다.

hoosier.
인디애나 주.

hoofed.
굽이 있는 동물.

hoofed.
유제 동물.

hoofed.
우제류.

honolulu.
호놀룰루.

poongsoo(fengshui) applied in modern architecture in hongkong island.
홍콩 아일랜드의 현대건축에 적용된 풍수에 대한 연구.

honeywagon.
똥차.

honeywagon.
분뇨차.

honestbroker.
중재자.

miranda.
미란다 원칙.

miranda.
미란다.

miranda.
미란다 룰.

jugular questions , springing ambush interviews.
60 미니츠를 오랫동안 진행해 온 마이크는 정곡을 찌르는 날카로운 질문과 갑작스런 인터뷰 요청 등으로 가장 까다로운 기자로 명성이 자자 하다.

homologous.
대응변.

homologous.
대응점.

homologous.
동족열.

homing.
귀소.

homing.
회귀성.

homing.
귀소 본능.

kotto (homicide) , are not on the level.
이제 비만으로 인한 사망자 수가 교통 사고 , 자살 , 살인 등 모든 사고사로 인한 사망자 수를 넘어섰습니다.

homeward.
귀항 중이다.

homeward.
그는 집 쪽으로 방향을 돌렸다..

homeward.
급거 귀국하다.

homerule.
지방 자치.

renters have more flexibility with their money than owners.
최첨단 체육관이나 수영장 , 휴게실 같은 편의시설을 확장해 더 많은 입주자들을 유치하려는 신축 건물들이 많아 질수록 점점 더 많은 독신자 들이 건물 안에서 시간을 보내게 되고 , 이는 곧 입주자들끼리 만나는 기회를 많이 만들어주게 된다.

homebound.
귀항선.

holstein.
홀스타인.

holocrine.
전분비선.

maternal.
모계의.

maternal.
모정.

holdback.
제어.

holdback.
참다.

holdback.
저지.

hogmanay is also the name of a biscuit people eat on new year's eve.
하그머네이는 사람들이 새해 전날 먹는 과자 이름이기도 하다.

hogback.
돈배구.

texting my girlfriends is my only hobby.
여자친구에게 문자를 보내는 것은 나의 유일한 취미이다.

purser.
사무장.

purser.
퍼서.

thither.
거기로.

histology.
조직학.

hippology.
마학.

hinterland.
후배지.

diwali is a main hindu festival.
디왈리는 힌두교의 주요 축제다.

napal has long been popular with trekkers and mountaineers - attracted to the tiny kingdom for expeditions in the himalayas.
네팔은 히말라야 산맥 등반을 위해 작은 왕국 네팔에 매혹된 도보 여행자와 등반가들에게 유명한 목적지였습니다.

hillfolk.
산골 사람.

highvoltage.
높은[낮은] 전압.

highranking.
고급의.

highjack.
공중 납치를 하다.

highbrow.
고답적인.

highbrow.
지성인.

highbrow.
고상하다.

highball.
특급 열차.

highball.
위스키소다.

highball.
하이볼.

jitter and wander within digital networks which are based on the plesiochronous digital hierarchy(pdh).
pdh 인터페이스에서의 지터와 원더.

sizing.
드레질.

hick.
시골뜨기.

hick.
멧부엉이.

hibernant.
칩수.

hibernant.
동면 동물.

hewer.
탄갱부.

heterodoxy.
이교.

heterodoxy.
이설.

hessian.
부대.

spreadsheet.
스프레드시트.

overdosing on clean heroin is almost unheard of.
정제헤로인의 과다투여는 예전엔 거의 있지도 않았던 일이다.

herniate.
탈장.

herniate.
목[허리] 디스크.

herborize.
본초 채집을 하다.

atrazine is a type of pesticide called an herbicide.
애트러진은 제초제라 불리는 농약의 한 종류이다.

yarrow is common in dry fields , and while it can be found in gardens , herbalist matthew wood says it is more effective medicinally when harvested from poor , dry , rocky soils.
서양가새풀은 마른 땅에서 주로 자라요 , 그리고 약초학자 매튜 우드는 이것을 재배될 때는 , 척박하고 , 마른 바위투성이 땅에서 재배하면 약용으로 쓰일 때 더 효과적이라고 해요.

yarrow is common in dry fields , and while it can be found in gardens , herbalist matthew wood says it is more effective medicinally when harvested from poor , dry , rocky soils.
서양가새풀은 마른 땅에서 주로 자라요 , 그리고 약초학자 매튜 우드는 이것을 재배될 때는 , 척박하고 , 마른 바위투성이 땅에서 재배하면 약 용으로 쓰일 때 더 효과적이라고 해요.

hendiadys.
이사일의.

henbit.
광대나물.

hempseedoil.
마유.

hempseedoil.
대마유.

hemolysis.
용혈(현상).

hematoma.
혈종.

helpmate.
내조자.

willy and winnie are helping the bear.
willy와 winnie는 곰을 도와 주고 있어요.

helmsman.
조타수.

hellene.
그리스 사람.

heliotrope.
헬리오트로프.

heliotrope.
일광 반사기.

heliotrope.
회광기.

helio.
일조계.

helio.
반사 신호기.

helicoid.
나선체.

helianthus.
돼지감자.

hegira.
헤지라.

heelandtoe.
도보로.

heavywater.
중수.

heaver.
석탄 운반 인부.

heaver.
석탄운반부.

hearingaid.
보청기.

headway.
발차[출항] 시간의 간격.

headway.
진항속도.

watergate.
워터게이트 사건.

omnivorous.
잡식의.

omnivorous.
난독가.

omnivorous.
잡식.

smog was made by using only the first two and last two letters from the words , smoke and fog.
스모그는 '연기'라는 단어와 '안개'라는 단어에서 각각 두 개의 철자씩을 사용하여 만들어진 것이다.

hayrick.
건초더미.

hawkmoth.
박각시나방.

in/out of work.
팔면의.

in/out of work.
그녀는 간식을 먹고 있다..

hautecouture.
고급 양장점.

hatted.
차양이 달린 모자.

oratorical.
웅변대회.

oratorical.
연설조로 이야기하다.

oratorical.
연설조.

oratorical skills.
웅변술.

resilient.
탱탱하다.

resilient.
탄성이 있는.

resilient.
탄력 있는.

harpist.
하프 연주자.

harlotry.
매음.

harlotry.
손보기.

chalie said he was fascinated with her ? " madly in love " is more like it.
찰리는 그녀에게 반했는데 , 사랑에 푹 빠졌다는 말이 더 정확하다.

hdw..
철물.

hards.
삼부스러기.

hards.
조라기.

hards.
섬유부스러기.

endure's original meaning was to indurate or harden.
endure의 근원적인 의미는 '강화시키다' '단단하게 하다' 이다.

plastered.
나는 술이 취했어요..

plastered.
흰 칠을 한 벽.

plastered.
만취.

jenny draws a veil over surprise.
제니는 놀란 것을 감추었다.

hangar.
격납고.

hangar.
격납고 담당자.

hangar.
격납고 갑판.

handloom.
수직기.

handiness.
잡힐손.

handiness.
편리.

handiness.
편이.

handcar.
핸드카.

summarize the body of the book.
책의 본문을 간략히 요약하시오.

handbell.
솔발.

handbell.
경쇠.

teamwork takes on a new meaning when people are following one another out the back of a plane.
군용기에서 차례로 뛰어내릴 때 팀워크는 새로운 뜻을 갖게 됩니다.

slung.
멜빵 붕대.

slung.
내팽개치다.

hammerhead.
망치 대가리.

hammerhead.
귀상어.

hammerhead sharks can also be lethal.
귀상어 또한 매우 치명적일 수 있다.

hamitic.
함족.

hamitic.
햄족.

halogen.
할로겐.

hallo.
헬로(우).

hallo.
핼로.

hallo.
한로.

halitosis.
입 냄새.

halitosis.
구취.

halitosis.
구취가 납니다..

halfwit.
막힌 사람.

ht wt.
쪽문.

halfdone.
일을 (다 하지 않고) 남기다.

summed up in a voa interview by assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs peter rodman.
이런 상황은 지난 몇 년 간 두 나라 관계가 큰 변화를 이뤄왔음을 보여주는 것인데 피터 로드먼 미 국방부 국제안보 담당 차관보는 voa와 인 터뷰를 하였습니다.

halation.
훈영.

halation.
헐레이션.

hatha yoga pronounced 'hah-ta' and directly translated as 'sun-moon , ' hatha yoga aims to bring balance to the body.
하타 요가 하타라고 발음되며 태양과 달로 직역되는 하타 요가는 신체에 균형을 가져오는 것을 목표로 하고 있습니다.

haemorrhoid.
치핵.

hackwork.
뒤뿔치기.

hackwork.
뒤뿔치다.

sneaking.
포복 척후.

sneaking.
비밀촬영.

habituate.
순치.

habituate.
곤란한 일에 길들이다.

habituate.
버릇하다.

deerlike figures made from willow shoots are the oldest evidence of human habitation in the grand canyon.
버드나무 가지로 만들어진 사슴을 닮은 형체들은 그랜드 캐니언에 사람이 살았다는 가장 오래된 증거이다.

songwriter.
작곡가.

songwriter.
가요 작곡가.

songwriter.
작사자.

sublime.
숭엄하다.

sublime.
웅혼.

lutein lowers the risk of cataracts and macular degeneration.
루테인은 백내장의 위험과 근육의 퇴화를 낮춰줍니다.

phytonutrients are parts of food that nourish your body.
식물성 생리활성 물질은 여러분의 몸에 영양분을 주는 음식의 일부예요.

lutestring.
봉니.

vegan.
채식주의자.

vegan.
채식주의자들을 위한 요리가 있나요 ?.

yt and garrett also raised cash rebates by $500 , to $2 , 500 , on most full-size pickup trucks.
yt 앤 개럿사는 표준형 픽업트럭 대부분에 대해서 현금 할인도 500달러 인상된 2천 500달러로 올렸다.

lunula.
속발톱.

luncheonvoucher.
식권.

lunarian.
태음학자.

lumbermill.
목재소.

lumbermill.
제재소.

tarp.
방수모.

lucidity.
명쾌.

lucidity.
명석.

lucidity.
투철.

lucent is a world leader in communications technology , active in over 90 countries.
루슨트는 전세계 90개국 이상에 진출해있는 통신기술계의 선두주자다.

lubricate all moving parts with grease.
움직이는 부품에는 모조리 그리스를 쳐라.

lubricate his tongue if you want to get some information.
정보를 얻고 싶다면 그에게 술을 먹여서 비밀을 누설하게 해야 된다.

lowness.
천루.

lowgear.
저속도 기어.

lowerhouse.
하원.

lowcost.
염가판.

lovechild.
사생아.

louisa , a single mom , had written several books for adults.
혼자서 이자벨을 키우는 루이자는 어른들은 위한 몇 권의 책을 이미 쓴 바 있다.

louisa said , at the time i was writing a serious grown-up book and wel-comed taking time to play around with this story.
" 그 때 나는 성인들을 위한 심각한 책을 쓰고 있었기 때문에 이 이야기에 대해 이것저것 생각해 보는데 시간을 보내는 것이 매우 즐거웠어요. " 루이자는 말했다.

starve.
굶다.

starve.
굶주리다.

starve.
입에 거미줄 치다.

lordprivyseal.
옥새관.

mongrel.
똥개.

torrent.
차의 홍수.

torrent.
격류에 흽쓸려 내려가다.

torrent.
바위에 부딪치는 격류.

speculators are adeptly exploiting the loophole in the current law.
투기꾼들은 현행법의 허점을 교묘하게 이용하고 있다.

loonybin.
정신병원.

workflow standard interoperability : wf-xml binding.
워크플로우 상호운용성 표준 : wf-xml 바인딩.

lookin.
들여다보다.

scallop.
잰지.

scallop.
패각 냄비.

logie.
모조보석.

zeno , an ancient greek stoic philosopher , proved that motion does not logically exist.
고대 그리스 스토아 학파 철학자인 제논은 운동이 논리적으로는 존재하지 않는다는 것을 증명했다.

non-administrators may be allowed to create or modify connections before logging on.
관리자가 아닌 사용자도 로그온하기 전에 연결을 만들거나 수정하도록 허용할 수도 있습니다.

logbook.
항정표.

logbook.
기관 일지.

logbook.
항해 일지.

loculus.
방실.

molting is where the lobster sheds its external shell.
탈피는 랍스터가 바깥 껍질의 허물을 벗는 것이다.

lobelia.
로벨리아.

lobelia.
숫잔대.

loanword.
외래어.

loanword.
외래어 표기법.

loanword.
latte는 이탈리아어에서 온 차용어이다.

ldg..
적하.

overgrazing of livestock strips the land of grasses.
가축의 과도방목은 잔디들을 벌거벗긴다.

liven.
분위기를 띄우다.

liven.
활기를 띠다.

litterbug.
do not be a litterbug. or no litter. or no dumping (here).(공원 등지에서).

litigant.
소송 관계인.

litigant.
소송 당사자.

lithophyte.
암생 식물.

smattering.
일지반해.

smattering.
얻어들은 지식이 많다.

smattering.
겉핥다.

sharpen.
날카롭게 하다[되다].

sharpen.
뾰족하게 하다.

sharpen your pencil for the work.
작업 준비를 해라.

repletion.
다혈증.

liquidair.
액체 공기.

lipsync.
립싱크.

lipoid.
리포이드.

lipoid.
유지질.

prowl.
어슬렁거리다.

prowl.
일소부재.

prowl.
집 부근을 알짱거리다.

linseed.
아마인.

linseed.
아마유.

yogyakarta is located near mount merapi , a volcano that has been expected to blow up for the past few weeks.
요갸카르타 지역은 언제고 특히 지난 몇주간 폭발할 것으로 예상돼 왔던 메라피 화산 근처에 있습니다.

rodman.
측간수.

limonite.
갈철석.

limonite.
갈철광.

tyrants issue edicts that limit their people's rights and freedoms.
폭군들은 국민의 권리와 자유를 제한하는 명령을 발표한다.

lilies have bloomed before we were aware of it.
어느덧 백합이 피었다.

reich.
제삼 제국.

joanna bears a strong likeness to her father.
조안나는 아버지를 아주 많이 닮았다.

lightbulb.
백열등.

wehrman was a lifelong republican who became an obama supporter during the campaign.
wehrman은 골수 공화당원 이었지만 , 유세기간 중에 오바마 지지자로 돌변했다.

lifeblood.
정혈.

lifeblood.
생혈.

lifeblood.
생혈을 빨아 먹다.

libreville.
리브르빌.

lib..
사서보.

lib..
라이베리아.

liberator.
해방자.

liberationtheology.
해방 신학.

superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
미신은 연약한 마음들이 믿는 종교이다.

shuster's illustration showed the giant head of a bald villain resembling lex luthor looming over a city of skyscrapers.
슈스터의 삽화는 도시의 고층빌딩에 흐릿하게 보이는 렉스 루터를 닮은 머리가 큰 대머리 악당을 선보였어요.

letterofcredit.
신용장.

gilt lettering.
금박으로 새긴 글자.

lettergram.
간송전보.

lettergram.
서신 전보.

letoff.
폭발시키다.

letoff.
탕치다.

letoff.
쏘아 올리다.

mane.
갈기.

mane.
사자의 갈기.

lento means to play the instrument as slowly as possible.
렌토의 의미는 가능한 악기를 천천히 연주하라는 것이다.

paperboy.
신문 배달원.

leninist.
레닌주의자.

marsh.
늪.

marsh.
습생[착생] 식물.

leftism.
좌익 사상.

ledge.
오후 1시 조금전에 , 다른 원정대 멤버 노엘 오델은 멀리서 암붕을 등반하는 2개의 아물아물한 사람의 모습을 목격했다.

(b.a.and 2 years exp.required).
베를린 , 파리 , 타이페이 , 방콕에 있는 학교에서 수석강사(석사 학위와 3년 이상 경험요)와 강사(학사 학위와 2년 경험요)를 필요로 합니다.

lecherous.
음탕하다.

lecherous.
색탐.

similitude laws for reduced reduced-size model test.
축소모형실험을 위한 재료상사모델.

leapfrog.
토끼뜀하다.

leapfrog.
토끼뜀.

leapfrog.
등넘기.

leadin.
끌어넣다.

strongman.
천하장사.

strongman.
장사.

lazaretto.
식료품 저장실.

rectal temperature and resting metabolic rate changes following dehydration and subsequent rehydration in college wrestlers.
대학 레슬링 선수의 사우나에 의한 열적 탈수시 직장 온도의 변화와 안정시 대사량에 미치는 영향.

lawoffice.
법률사무소.

wrack.
거머리말.

wrack.
터무니없이 되다.

wrack.
골 아픈 일.

lave.
향탕.

latterly.
후기에.

latterly.
후자.

latterly.
후기.

latefee.
연체료.

latefee.
연체금.

laserbeam.
레이저광선.

sod.
사초.

sod this car ! it's always breaking down.
이 망할 놈의 차 ! 이건 항상 고장이군.

larcenous.
도벽이 있다.

larcenous.
절도 행위.

lanthanum.
란탄.

lanthanum.
란타늄.

streetcar.
전차.

streetcar.
전차를 타다.

streetcar.
전차에서 내리다.

landpower.
육군 병력.

landpower.
지상 병력.

lampoon.
풍자.

lampoon.
우의적인 이야기.

lampoon.
풍자문.

woeful tales of broken romances.
파탄에 이른 연애에 대한 아주 슬픈 이야기들.

laggard.
굼뜬 사람.

lacing.
레이스 장식.

lacing.
레이스.

lacing.
끈을 꼭 매..

wandering.
방황.

wandering.
방황하는.

i'amerique et la question de la modernite.
미국에서의 모더니티 문제.

myxoma.
점액종.

quell.
평정하다.

quell.
진압.

mysticism.
신비주의.

mysticism.
오컬트.

myopic.
근시안적.

myopic.
근시의.

mycol..
균류학.

msa is short for the mutual security act.
msa는 상호 안전 보장법의 약칭이다.

mutualism.
상리공생.

muslin.
투박한 옷감.

muslin.
모슬린.

muslin.
메린스.

recreate.
재창조.

recreate.
보양.

recreate.
소창.

muscadine.
머루.

bex is munching on peanut butter on toast.
벡스는 토스트에 피넛버터를 씹고 있는 중이다.

multipolar.
다극의.

multipolar.
다극화한 세계.

multipolar.
다극 발전기.

multiplicative.
승법 함수.

multiplicative.
곱하기.

multiplicative.
곱셈.

multidisciplinary approaches to village studies.
마을에 대한 인문학적 접근.

multiculturalism is clearly better ; how can you expect people to give up their heritage ?.
다문화 주의는 분명히 더 낫습니다 ; 어떻게 여러분은 사람들이 자신의 유산을 포기하는 것을 기대하십니까 ?.

mullet.
숭어.

mullet.
동어.

mullet.
모쟁이.

muffle.
발소리를 죽이다.

muffle.
머플.

muffle.
베일로 얼굴을 가리우다.

mudfish.
미꾸라지.

mudfish.
추어.

mucilage.
고무풀.

mucilage.
는지렁이.

mucilage.
아라비아풀.

heo nanseolheon was a poetess during the middle years of the joseon dynasty.
허난설헌은 조선 중기의 여류 시인이다.

moya has got through to the final.
모야가 결승전에 진출했다.

mountainchain.
산맥.

motorman.
전차 운전사.

stickup.
뻗치다.

stickup.
홀드업.

motordrome.
자동차 경주장.

motorboat.
모터보트.

motorboat.
발동기선.

motorboat.
똑딱선.

motorbicycle.
모터바이시클.

mothproof.
방충 가공의.

mothproof.
좀을 방지하는.

sling.
내팽개치다.

sling.
팽개치다.

sulky.
뾰로통하다.

sulky.
부루퉁하다.

mor..
모로코.

mordent.
모르덴트.

mordent.
어퍼 모르덴트.

mordent.
더블 모르덴트.

moralphilosophy.
도덕 철학.

moralphilosophy.
윤리학.

rubak states that the death penalty is morally unjust.
rubak은 사형제도가 도덕적으로 부당하다고 주장했다.

moralize.
도덕적으로 설명하다.

moralize.
권선징악극.

rejoice in your creativity and unleash the artist within.
여러분의 창조성을 기쁘게 하고 내면의 예술가를 해방시키세요.

moonye galley , js building , and culture-space building.
대학로의 건축사-미술회관 , js빌딩 , 문화공간.

moonshiner.
밀주업자.

moonshiner.
밀주제조자.

moonset.
월입.

monumentalize.
기념탑.

gyeongju is a city where the resplendent culture of the silla dynasty can still be felt.
경주는 찬란했던 신라의 문화가 살아 숨쉬는 도시다.

monotype.
모노타이프.

monopolism.
독점주의.

monopolism.
전매주의.

monopolism.
농단자.

monogenesis.
일원설.

monogenesis.
단성 생식.

monodrama.
모노드라마.

monodrama.
독연.

monodrama.
독백극.

monition.
계고장.

source++hand typed recipe stuffed inside mongolian fire pot.
몽고사람들은 거의 200만 마리의 가축들의 죽음으로 생태학적인 재앙을 맞고 있다.

manchuria.
만주.

manchuria.
남만(주).

manchuria.
북만주.

moneylaundering.
돈세탁.

quarterback.
쿼터백을 맡아보다.

quarterback.
쿼터백.

monarchism.
군주 정체.

mol.
몰.

moiling.
악착같이 일하다.

moiling.
피땀을 흘리며 일하다.

moiling.
노작.

modus.
잠정 협정.

modulator.
변조기.

modulator.
환상변조기.

modulator.
조절기.

theorist.
이론가.

theorist.
탁상이론가.

foucault disagrees with the claim that sex has been repressed and silenced.
푸코는 성관계는 억압되고 침묵당했다는 주장에 동의하지 않았다.

unisex.
남녀 공용의.

unisex.
유니섹스.

unisex.
요즘에는 남녀공용 스타일이 유행입니다..

irq miniport found as an override in the registry.
레지스트리에서 오버라이드 irq 미니 포트를 발견했습니다.

aeroelastic behaviors of self - anchored suspension bridge with lateral sag of main cable (2) - focused on the behavior of tower.
횡방향 새그를 가진 자정식 현수교의 공탄성 거동 (2) - 주탑의 거동을 중심으로 -.

aeroelastic behaviors of self - anchored suspension bridge with lateral sag of main cable (1) - focused on the behavior of girder.
횡방향 새그를 가진 자정식 현수교의 공탄성 거동 (1) - 주형의 거동을 중심으로 -.

aeroelastic phenomena of a wind turbine rotor blade.
풍력발전기 로터 블레이드의 공력탄성학적 현상.

mockup.
모형.

pelting.
후두두 쏟아지는 비.

pelting.
뭇발길을 당하다.

pelting.
뭇매를 맞다.

whine.
보채다.

whine.
칭얼거리다.

whine.
우는소리.

mizen.
뒷돛대.

organelles , such as mitochondria and chloroplasts , are both believed to have evolved from prokaryotes that began living symbiotically within eukaryotic cells.
미토콘드리아와 엽록체 같은 세포기관은 둘 다 진핵 세포 내에서 공생적으로 살기 시작한 원핵에서 진화했다고 믿어집니다.

miter.
사교관.

miter.
연귀.

miter.
주교관.

tuesdays.
화요일.

tuesdays.
매주 화요일.

tuesdays with morrie by mitch albom tuesdays with morrie is based on a true story about the writer mitch albom and his favorite college professor morrie schwartz.
미치 앨봄의 모리와 함께한 화요일 모리와 함께한 화요일은 작가 미치 앨봄과 그가 좋아한 대학 교수 모리 슈와츠의 실화를 바탕으로 했다.

mo..
미주리 주.

chuganji's diet was based around beef , pork , rice and miso soup.
추간지씨의 식단은 소고기 , 돼지고기 , 쌀 그리고 미소국을 토대로 짜여졌다.

misdiagnose.
오진.

misc..
잡물.

misanthropy.
인간 혐오.

misanthropy.
염인.

minium.
광명단.

satanic cults.
악마 숭배 집단.

minim.
이분음표.

mineralize.
광석화.

mineralize.
광산지.

mindful of the possible consequences , he decided not to pursue the matter further.
앞으로 있을지도 모를 결과를 염두에 두고 , 그는 그 일을 더 이상 수행하지 않기로 결정했다.

milliner.
모자상.

milksugar.
젖당.

patty , in payroll , can help you with that.
경리부의 패티가 그 문제를 도와줄 수 있을 겁니다.

milkcow.
젖소.

milepost.
이정표.

milepost.
원표.

berger's holiday ornament box keeps up to 60 of your holiday ornaments free from moisture , mildew , and dust.
버거사의 축제용 장식물 상자는 최대 60개의 축제용 장식물을 습기 , 곰팡이 , 먼지로부터 안전하게 보관해 줍니다.

eurostar 1 is the earliest train to milan.
유로스타 1은 밀라노로 가는 첫 기차다.

milage.
주행 거리.

milage.
열차주행 마일.

behzad yaghmaian met migrants who did succeed in starting new lives in europe or the united states , often after repeated attempts and failures.
베흐자드 야그마안 씨는 여러 시도와 실패의 반복 끝에 유럽이나 미국에서의 성공적인 삶을 살기 시작한 이주자들을 만났다.

smugglers lately have expanded their japan trade , seeking people from countries other than china who seek higher wages.
최근 밀항업자들은 중국 외 다른 나라에서 온 높은 임금을 받으려는 사람들을 찾는 동시에 , 일본을 대상으로 밀항사업을 확대했다.

mightily.
힘이 세다.

mightily.
장대한 사람.

mightily.
막강한 전함.

mig.
미그 전투기.

mig.
미그.

midshipman paul brooks.
폴 브룩스 장교 후보생.

midi.
미디.

middleage.
중년.

microprint.
마이크로프린트.

micronutrient.
미량 영양소.

micronutrient.
미량영양.

micromanipulation.
현미조작.

microelectrode.
현미전극.

microcomputer.
소형전산기.

microcomputer.
마이크로컴퓨터.

riga.
리가.

mew.
야옹.

metronome.
메트로놈.

metronome.
박절기.

metrical.
운율의.

metrical.
계량 기하학.

methoxide.
변성 주정.

methodize.
방식을 세우다.

methinks that in looking at things spiritual , we are too much like oysters observing the sun through the water , and thinking that thick water the thinnest of air.
사물의 영적인 것을 보는 것에서 , 우리는 물을 통해 태양을 보고 두꺼운 물을 가장 얇은 공기로 생각하는 굴과 아주 많이 닮았습니다.

prof.
a 교수의 사회로.

metathesis.
복분해.

metathesis.
음위전환.

metaphysics.
형이상학.

metaphore and simile are the most commonly used figures of speech in everyday language.
은유와 직유는 일상 언어의 말에서 가장 흔하게 쓰이는 문체이다.

metalloid.
유금속.

metacenter.
외심점.

metacenter.
메타센터.

metacenter.
경심.

meta-tags provide a succinct description of the contents of a webpage.
메타 태그는 웹페이지의 내용에 대한 간결한 설명을 제공한다.

mesotron.
뮤 중간자.

mesocarp.
중과피.

mesocarp.
가운데열매껍질.

sculptured cheekbones.
조각 같은 광대뼈.

macaw.
마코.

mercurous.
감홍.

mercurate.
수은으로 처리하다.

mercery.
견직물.

menthene.
멘텐.

endometriosis usually takes several years after the onset of menstruation (menarche) to develop.
자궁내막증은 보통 월경의 시작(초경)후 발병하기까지 수 년이 걸린다.

menial jobs/work.
보잘것없는 일자리/하찮은 일.

menhaden.
멘헤이든유.

schubert composed the unfinished symphony.
슈베르트는 미완성 교향곡을 작곡했다.

reticent.
입(이) 뜨다.

reticent.
묵중하다.

reticent.
과묵.

memorialday.
현충일.

toothpick.
이쑤시개.

toothpick.
이쑤시개로 이를 쑤시다.

mellifluous.
감미로운 목소리.

goya struggled with his feelings of deep melancholy.
고야는 그의 심한 우울함에 몸부림 쳤다.

megger.
메그옴계.

megatron.
메가트론.

meetingplace.
집합 장소.

medlar.
비파나무.

sparing.
아끼는.

sparing.
노력을 아끼다.

sparing.
몸을 아끼지 않고 일하다.

mechanician.
기계공.

fleishik.
착실.

succumb.
굴복하다.

succumb.
굴하다.

succumb.
굴종.

meadowgrass.
왕포아풀.

mccarthyism.
매카시즘은 근본적으로 근대 '마녀 사냥'이었다.

mazurka.
마주르카.

mazda.
마쯔다.

domino's pizza offers mayonnaise and potato pizza in tokyo and pickled ginger pizza in india.
도미노피자는 도쿄에 마요네즈와 감자피자를 제공하고 , 인도에서는 인삼피클을 제공하다.

mayfly.
하루살이.

turban.
소라.

mauritania.
모리타니아.

mauritania.
모리타니.

hematopoietic growth factors stimulate the production of blood cells.
조혈 성장 인자는 혈액 세포의 생성을 촉진한다.

komondor.
자리.

komondor.
돗자리.

matricide.
존속 살해.

showbiz.
연예계.

roald amundsen was a brave norwegian who was one of the first explorers of the north and south poles.
로알드 아문센은 북극과 남극을 탐험한 최초의 탐험가들 중 한 명이었다.

individualism and materialism are commonly cited as having a harmful effect on family life.
개인주의와 물질주의는 가족 생활에 해로운 영향을 끼치는 예로 흔히 언급된다.

masturbation.
수음.

masturbation.
오나니.

masseuse.
마사지사.

masseuse.
안마사.

yoo's wife , a masseuse , divorced him in 2002 while he was serving a jail term.
마사지사였던 유씨의 아내는 그가 복역 중이던 2002년 그와 이혼했다.

masonite.
메조나이트.

masked.example : address 10.14.209.14 mask 255.255.240.0 becomes subnet 10.14.208.0/20.
서브넷 주소와 마스크를 입력하십시오. 자동으로 네트워크/비트 마스크 형식의 서브넷 이름으로 변환됩니다.예 : 주소 10.14.209.14 마스크.

masked.example : address 10.14.209.14 mask 255.255.240.0 becomes subnet 10.14.208.0/20.
255.255.240.0이 서브넷 10.14.208.0/20으로 됩니다.

weber parted company with marx on a number of important issues.
베버는 몇 가지 중요한 쟁점들에 대해 마르크스와 의견이 달랐다.

marvel.
감탄.

marvel.
찬타.

martinet.
엄벌주의.

hapkido is a martial art of korean origin.
합기도는 근원이 한국인 무술이다.

marshy.
수렁논.

marshy.
소택지.

marshy.
감탕밭.

mcluhan.
마셜 플랜.

marquis.
후작.

marmot.
마멋.

marl.
이회토.

voyager.
보이저.

marianne is dumb with cold and fatigue.
너무 춥고 피곤해서 marianne는 한 마디 말 조차 하지 못할 정도이다.

margot and paul went to new york to make arrangements for the wedding.
마고와 폴은 결혼 준비를 하기 위해 뉴욕에 갔다.

petit.
소시민.

petit.
선량한 소시민.

petit.
프티푸르.

photogrammetry.
사진 측량법.

photogrammetry.
사진 측량.

photogrammetry.
공중사진 측량.

sleigh.
썰매.

sleigh.
눈썰매.

sleigh.
말썰매.

mannerist.
기교가.

uae.
아랍에미리트.

manilarope.
마닐라 로프.

oblige me by closing the door.
문을 닫아 주시면 고맙겠습니다.

tearing strength test of architectural membrane.
건축용 막재의 인열강도 시험.

manichee.
마니교도.

mandolin.
만돌린을 타다.

mandolin.
만돌린.

millwall lose 3-0 to manchester united in the fa cup final.
fa컵 결승에서 밀월은 맨체스터 유나이티드에게 3-0으로 패배했습니다.

manatee.
해우.

mammy , i want to do a job.
엄마 오줌 마려워요.

mammalogy.
포유동물학.

malefactor.
조리돌리다.

henningfield says tobacco is the second biggest reason to kill people around the world after malaria.
담배는 말라리아에 뒤이어 , 전세계 두번째 사망요인이 되고있다고 , 헤닝필드 씨는 말했습니다.

malacca.
말라카.

malacca.
말라카 해협.

malacca.
말래카해협.

majordomo.
도승지.

maisonette.
메조네트.

maim.
병신을 만들다.

mailman.
집배원.

mailman.
우체부.

mailman.
우편배달부.

mahjong.
철야마작.

magnetograph.
자력기록기.

magneticflux.
자속.

magneticflux.
자류.

videotape.
녹화.

videotape.
비디오테이프에 녹화하다.

arsenal's manager was magnanimous in victory , and praised the underdog.
아스날 팀의 매니저는 승리에 관대해서 , 이길 가망이 없는 팀을 칭찬했다.

magicmarker.
사인펜.

magenta is simply the mixture of red and blue.
자홍색은 그냥 빨강색과 파랑색을 섞은 것이다.

theorem.
정리.

madrigal.
마드리갈.

madeira.
마데이라.

madeira.
파운드 케이크.

machination.
독계.

machination.
책동.

nympha.
소음순.

nutting.
견과.

nutting.
잣.

nutbrown.
밤색의.

numismatist.
전화학자.

numberone.
일인자.

numberone.
제1호.

numberone.
1[2]번.

full-frontal nudity.
완전 누드.

nucleon.
핵입자.

nucleon.
핵자.

gamow thought that during these early stages the temperature and density were so high that atomic nuclei often collided with and captured neutrons.
가모프는 이 초기 단계 동안 온도와 밀도가 너무 높아서 원자핵이 종종 충돌하고 중성자를 포획했다고 생각했습니다.

nuclearenergy.
원자력.

nuclearenergy.
핵에너지.

nu-point's best-selling items are consumer electronics , including cellular phones , telephones , and portable audio and video devices.
누포인트사 제품 중 가장 인기 있는 품목은 휴대폰 , 전화 , 휴대용 오디오 비디오 장비 등 개인 소비자용 전자제품들이다.

nosyparker.
호사가.

nosering.
강한 맞바람.

nosering.
아첨꾼.

brown-noser.
아첨꾼.

northland.
노스랜드.

northland.
뒤대.

northeaster.
북동풍.

unbalanced.
미결산의.

unbalanced.
적자 예산.

unbalanced.
불평형부하.

non-normality of probability distribution of project completion times in simulation based scheduling.
시뮬레이션 일정관리-최종공사기간의 비정규분포 특성 검증.

pretense.
가식.

pretense.
시늉.

norf..
노퍽 서던.

nonrigid.
연식비행선.

rockefeller.
록펠러 재단.

rockefeller.
록펠러가.

nonplus.
갈팡질팡.

nonplus.
어찌할바를모르다.

nonplus.
납작해지다.

nonmember.
비조합원.

nonmember.
회원이 아닌 사람.

nonfat.
탈지분유.

noncompliance.
불응.

nonaggression.
불침.

nonaggression.
불가침 조약.

nonaggression.
불침 조약.

nominalwages.
명목 임금.

nomdeplume.
호.

nomdeplume.
필명.

nodal.
임파절.

noctovision.
암시 장치.

noctovision.
녹토비전.

noctovision.
적외선암시장치.

nobelium.
노벨륨.

nitroglycerin acts by dilating blood vessels , which both increases the blood supply to the heart and reduces the heart's workload , and thereby reduces blood pressure , says dr* porter.
라고 포터 박사는 말합니다.

nitrification.
질화.

nitrification.
질소 포화.

nitrification.
초화작용.

polychromy.
다색 장식.

polychromy.
다색채색.

nincompoop.
치인.

nightshirt.
잠옷.

nibble.
갉다.

nibble.
입질.

nibble.
쏠다.

nicotinism.
니코틴 중독.

newsvendor.
신문팔이.

newsman.
신문기자.

newsman.
방송 기자.

newsbeat.
취재 구역.

newsbeat.
취재담당구역.

newblood.
새로운 피.

obsessional behaviour.
강박적 행동.

wretch.
불쌍한 놈.

wretch.
백판 건달.

wretch.
죽일 놈.

neophyte.
풋내기중.

neophyte.
개종자.

netscape's nemesis , microsoft unveiled plans to launch localized internet services in 24 countries.
넷스케이프의 천적인 마이크로소프트는 24개국에서 지역 인터넷 서비스를 시작하는 계획을 발표했다.

nematocyst.
자세포.

neh..
느헤미야서.

neh..
느헤미야기.

ultimatum.
최후통첩.

ultimatum.
최후 통첩을 보내다.

ultimatum.
최후통첩을 하다.

necessitous.
궁핍.

neanderthalman.
네안데르탈인.

navicular.
주상골.

nattered.
수다를 떨다.

hubbard told me that some of the nasa people were close to tears.
hubbard 는 나에게 몇몇의 nasa 사람들이 울것 처럼 보인다고 말했다.

narratage.
나라타주.

narcotine.
나르코틴.

narcoanalysis.
마취 분석.

mouskouri is a worldly respected songstress from greece , and she had more than 450 albums sold worldwide.
무스꾸리는 세계적으로 존경 받는 그리스 출신의 여가수이고 , 그녀는 전 세계에 팔린 450개 이상의 앨범을 가지고 있어요.

nakedness.
전라.

nagger.
잔소리꾼.

ozonous.
오존의.

oxcart.
소달구지.

oxcart.
우차.

oviparous.
난생 동물.

oviparous.
난생.

overwrought.
그 사람 완전히 열받아 있어요..

overstrain.
지나치게 긴장하다.

overstrain.
너무 무리를 하다.

overstrain.
눈을 혹사시키다.

overscrupulous.
꼰질꼰질하다.

overscrupulous.
찰찰하다.

overscrupulous.
몹시 차근차근하다.

overripe fruit.
지나치게 익은 과일.

overproduction , coupled with falling sales , has led to huge losses for the company.
판매 감소와 결합된 과잉 생산이 그 회사에 엄청난 손실을 가져왔다.

overmeasure.
과량을 주다.

overhung.
내물림.

overhung.
오버행.

overhung.
현애.

peddle.
행상을 하다.

peddle.
보부상을 하다.

peddle.
불법 물품을 팔다.

overbrim.
원기가 넘치다.

ouzel.
흰배지빠귀.

ouzel.
물까마귀.

outwork.
외루.

corbelling.
겉보기엔.

outtake.
엔지.

prodi declared today (tuesday) he had ousted italy's outspoken leader , berlusconi and promised to unify the country.
프로디 전 총리는 오늘(화요일) , 베를루스코니 총리를 권좌에서 몰아냈다고 선언하면서 국가를 단결시킬 것이라고 약속했습니다.

outsize clothes.
특대 의류.

outmaneuver.
전략으로 이기다.

outmaneuver.
전술로 이기다.

rectangle.
직사각형.

outlandish.
외국풍의.

outlandish.
외국 냄새.

outlandish.
기괴천만.

outlaid.
적은 비용으로.

outlaid.
수지를 맞추다.

outboard.
선외 모터.

oust.
축출하다.

oust.
쫓아내다.

oust.
내몰다.

ossify.
골화.

orthoptera.
직시류.

orthographer.
맞춤법 학자.

orpiment.
웅황.

orpiment.
석웅황.

orpiment.
석유황.

ornithomancy.
새점.

pyrolysis.
열분해.

ordinarylifeinsurance.
종신생명보험.

ordain.
신부가 되다.

orchestral.
관현악.

orchestral.
오케스트라의 반주.

orchestral.
오케스트라 반주로.

opus.
필생의 역작[걸작].

opsonin.
옵소닌.

ophiology.
뱀연구.

openhanded.
활수.

opal.
오팔.

opal.
단백석.

pus has gathered in the wound.
상처에 고름이 생겼다.

onthespot.
즉석에서.

onthespot.
현장에서.

onthespot.
그 자리에서.

seabirds often come onshore to find food.
바닷새들은 먹이를 찾아서 육지쪽으로 오는 경우가 많다.

onomatopoeia.
의성어.

onomatopoeia.
의성.

onomatopoeia.
의성법.

onlooker.
구경꾼.

onlooker.
방관적 태도를 취하다.

oneman.
일인일기.

onanism.
수음.

omnidirectional.
전방위의.

omnidirectional.
전방위 외교.

omnidirectional.
전방향 안테나.

ol..
오륜.

ol..
오륜기.

ol..
올림픽 대회.

olivia underestimated the cost of her two week vacation in europe.
올리비아는 유럽에서의 2주간의 휴가 비용을 실제보다 낮게 계산했다.

come. (matt groening).
사랑은 툰드라 지대를 가로질러 달리는 스노모빌이며 , 이것이 갑자기 뒤집어지면 당신은 그 밑에 꼼짝없이 깔려버린다. 밤에는 얼음 족제비.

come. (matt groening).
들이 온다. (매트 그로닝 , 사랑명언).

oliveoil.
올리브유.

oliveoil.
감람유.

oldster.
노틀.

oldster.
노닥다리.

oldbachelor.
노총각.

o.k , but please bring it back when you are finished.
물론이죠. 쓰고 나면 돌려주세요.

oilwell.
유정.

oilwell.
내셔널 오일웰 바코.

watertight.
내수의.

watertight.
물이 새지 않다.

watertight.
물샐틈없는 상자.

offtherecord.
내밀히.

offtherecord.
오프 더 레코드.

offseason.
비철.

odyssean.
오디세우스.

odontology.
치아학.

odontology.
비교 치아.

oddment.
잡차래.

oculist.
안과전문의.

oculist.
안과의.

thanet.
한 옥타브 올려서[내려서] 연주하다.

ochlocracy.
중우 정치.

ocher soil emits far-infrared radiation.
황토는 원적외선을 방출한다.

occultation.
엄폐.

occultation.
엄.

occultation.
명암등.

obstinacy.
아집.

obstinacy.
난치.

observational.
관측 오차.

observational.
관측천문학.

obligor.
납부 의무자.

obligor.
등록 의무자.

objectteaching.
실물 교수.

unquestioning.
무비판의.

unquestioning.
무비판적.

unquestioning.
무비판적인 외래문화의 수용.

oasthouse.
홉 건조장.

oasthouse.
홉 건조실.

oarage.
노젓기.

pyrophoric.
발화합금.

pyrexia.
열증.

pyosis.
화농.

pycnometer.
비중병.

subconsciously , she was looking for the father she had never known.
잠재의식 속에서 , 그녀는 한 번도 본 적이 없는 아버지를 찾고 있었다.

putamen.
과핵.

pursuer.
추격자.

pursuer.
추격자를 따돌리다.

pursuer.
쫓는 자와 쫓기는 자.

purpura.
자반병.

purpura.
사반병.

purpura.
혈반병.

propriety.
적부.

propriety.
적부적.

purgatorial.
연옥의.

purgatorial.
속죄의 기도.

pureline.
순계.

purchasingpower.
구매력.

punty.
상앗대.

punty.
상앗대질.

pumpkinseed.
호박씨.

baum wrote the land of oz with the stage in mind , including an all-girl army for chorus numbers , special effects scenes , lots of puns and enlarged roles for the scarecrow and tin woodman so that montgomery and stone could repeat their roles.
봄은 코러스를 위한 소녀들의 부대 , 특수 효과 장면을 포함해 무대를 마음속에 떠올리면서 오즈의 땅을 썼고 scarecrow과 tin woodman를 위한 재담과 역할을 확대해서 몽고메리와 스톤이 그들의 역할을 다시 할 수 있도록 했습니다.

pulmonic.
폐병약.

pullout of the u.s. military.
노대통령은 또한 전작권 이양이 완료되면 주한 미군의 수가 추가적으로 줄어들 수도 있다고 했다.하지만 그렇다고 해서 미군이 완전 철수하지는 않을 것이다.

pullman.
풀먼카.

puisne.
배석 판사.

publicworks.
토목.

publicworks.
공공 사업.

publicworks.
토목 공사.

publichealth.
공중 보건.

publichealth.
공중 위생.

publichealth.
공중위생.

publican.
수세리.

cleopatra's brother ptolemy xiii felt he had been betrayed.
클레오파트라의 남동생 프톨레마이오스 13세는 그가 배신을 당했다고 느꼈어요.

accutane treats acne by reducing the secretion of sebum.
어큐테인은 피지 분비를 감소시킴으로써 여드름을 치료합니다.

psalmist.
다윗.

pruningshears.
전지가위.

pruningshears.
전정가위.

pruningshears.
목협.

prox.
내월초하루.

protrusion.
뿌다귀.

protrusion.
치핵탈출.

protrusion.
뿌다구니.

protractor.
각도기.

protractor.
분도기.

protoplast.
원시 동물.

protoplast.
원형질체.

protamine.
프로타민.

prostatitis.
전립선염.

prosecutingattorney.
검사.

prophesy.
예언.

prophesy.
금쳐 놓다.

prophesy.
금쳐놓다.

propertied.
유산자.

propertied.
유산계급.

propertied.
유산 계급.

complicating matters is the fact that beijing and tokyo have yet to consent the precise area in dispute.
더욱 복잡한 문제는 중국과 일본이 아직 정확한 분쟁 지역에 대해 합의를 이루지 않고 있다는 사실입니다.

payload message format of urc client/server transport protocol.
urc 클라이언트/서버 통신 프로토콜 메시지.

propagate.
선전.

ruckus.
소동.

ruckus.
소란을 피우다.

prol..
서사.

prolate.
장구면.

prolate.
장축 타원체.

prolate.
내점 사이클로이드.

uti lowered its revenue projection for the year , saying a number of factors have affected its plan to expand production capabilities.
uti사는 많은 요인이 생산 능력을 확대하려는 계획에 영향을 미쳤다고 밝히면서 그 해의 수입 예상치를 낮추었다.

prohibitive.
금법.

prohibitive.
금지세.

prohibitive.
금지 처분.

regressive.
퇴행 현상을 보이다.

regressive.
비례세.

profundity.
깊이.

profundity.
심오.

profess.
공언.

profess.
저는 불교 신자입니다..

profess.
변호사라고 자칭하다.

prodigality.
도락.

prodigality.
난봉.

probationer.
수습 간호사.

probationer.
수습생.

probationer.
수습공.

spousal abuse.
배우자 학대.

probabilism.
개연론.

privatedetective.
사립 탐정.

printseller.
판화상.

primrose.
환락 생활.

primrose.
물금매.

primrose.
앵초.

primemover.
장본인.

vicarious.
대리의.

vicarious.
대리 만족을 얻다.

vicarious.
대무.

pretext.
명분.

pretext.
대의명분.

pretext.
핑계.

t-bridge by using new concept prestressing method.
신개념 프리스트레싱기법을 적용한 t-bridge.

pressconference.
기자회견.

pressconference.
회견.

presentable.
표차롭다.

presentable.
흉하지 않다.

prescriptive methods of teaching.
권위적인 교수법.

presbytery.
장로회.

presage.
바람꽃.

preparative.
준비의.

pm..
구치.

pm..
소구치.

premarital.
혼전의.

premarital.
혼전 성 관계.

premarital.
혼전 관계.

preelection.
사전 운동.

pred..
서술적 형용사.

preconceive.
선입관을 가지다.

preconceive.
기성 개념.

precinct.
구역.

precinct.
선거구.

prearrange.
타합.

powerpolitics.
강권 정치.

powerpolitics.
권력 정치.

powerpolitics.
무력 정치.

potlatch.
포틀래치.

postwar.
전후의.

postwar.
전쟁 후의.

postwar.
종전 후의.

postern.
덜밋대문.

postbellum.
전후의.

postbellum.
전후의 문제.

postbellum.
전후 상태.

zhu's village can not possibly be the only one faced with this quandary.
zhu의 동네가 이 곤경에 처한 유일한 동네일수 가 없다.

positivelaw.
실정법.

quarterfinal.
준준결승.

quarterfinal.
쿼터 파이널.

quarterfinal.
준준결승전.

porbeagle.
악상어.

populationexplosion.
인구 폭발.

poorness.
빈약.

poorness.
조략.

pooltable.
당구대.

redfish and pompano are ideal for this method of cooking.
수컷연어와 전갱이는 이 요리방법에 가장 알맞는 재료이다.

pectin in apples can help lower ldl cholesterol good for diabetes and weight management.
사과의 펙틴은 당뇨병과 체중 관리에 좋게 ldl 콜레스테롤을 낮춰줄 수 있습니다.

pomatum.
머릿기름.

polyvalent managerial skills.
다기능 경영 기술.

polysyllable.
다음절.

polysyllable.
다음절어.

polyphagia.
잡식성.

rendezvous.
랑데부.

rendezvous.
궤도상에서 랑데부하다.

rendezvous.
접선.

polychrome.
다색화.

poltroon.
겁나.

poltroon.
겁약.

pollex.
엄지손가락.

politicalscience.
정치학.

polestar.
천극.

polarize.
극성을 부여하다.

polarize.
분극화하다.

polarize.
분극화 현상.

poikilotherm.
냉혈 동물.

poikilotherm.
변온 동물.

pocketknife.
주머니칼.

pocketknife.
금장도.

pocketknife.
접칼.

berlin's plans are a blow to german's pocketbooks and the national psyche.
독일 정부의 계획은 독일인의 자력과 국민 정서에 타격을 주었다.

pneumonic.
폐의.

pneumonic.
폐페스트.

plush.
이 차는 아주 호화스럽군요..

plush.
플러시(천).

plush.
나는 으리으리한 그의 사무실로 들어갔다..

pert features.
앙증맞은 이목구비.

pluralize.
다원적.

pluralize.
복수의.

plumper.
속살찌다.

plumbism.
납 중독.

plosive.
파열음.

plesiosaurs were large marine reptiles that had stocky , barrel-shaped bodies , short tails and paddle-like limbs.
플레시오사우루스는 다부진 체격과 원통형의 몸 , 짧은 꼬리와 노를 닮은 사지를 가진 해양 파충류다.

plenitude.
풍부.

pleinair.
외광.

plectrum.
술대.

plectrum.
활꼭지.

plectrum.
가조각.

plaudit.
갈채.

unwrought.
조광.

plat..
용암대지.

plannedparenthood.
가족계획.

planking.
널.

planking.
마루판자.

planking.
널판대기.

planetable.
행성.

planetable.
혹성.

planetable.
행성의 주기.

planchette.
플랑셰트.

plaint.
애곡.

placer.
사금 채취권.

placer.
사금 채취선.

placer.
사광.

piton.
피통.

pitchstone.
역청암.

pitchfork.
쇠스랑.

piscivorous birds were issued.
미스터 헤이그 : 1995년 10월 1일부터 1996년 9월 30일까지 12개월의 기간동안 물고기를 잡아 먹고 사는 조류를 제한된 수만큼 사냥할 수 있 는 자격증이 발급되었습니다.

pipkin.
탕관.

pipkin.
다관.

piper.
바람등칡.

piper.
대취.

pintle.
수돌쩌귀.

pintle.
키받이.

pintle.
수톨쩌귀.

pinprick.
바늘로 콕 찌르다.

pimple.
여드름.

pimple.
뾰루지.

pimple.
여드름을 짜다.

pillowcase.
베갯잇.

pk..
갯장어.

pk..
꽁치.

pigtail.
변발을 하고 있다.

pigtail.
치렁거리는 머리채.

pigtail.
댕기를 매다.

piggyback.
다리를 다친 친구를 업다.

piggyback.
어부바.

piggyback.
아기를 등에 업다.

pigeonhole.
의안을 묵살하다.

pigeonhole.
심의가 보류되다.

piddling.
주적거리다.

piddling.
쉬야.

piddling.
쉬.

pics(platform for internet content selection) rating services and rating systems.
인터넷 내용선별 체계(pics) 등급서비스 및 등급 시스템 표준.

pickax.
곡괭이.

pickax.
곡괭이로 땅을 파다.

physiognomy is based upon the belief that the study of a person's outer appearance , especially the face , reflects their personality.
관상학은 사람의 외모 , 특히 , 얼굴을 보면 그 사람의 성격을 알 수 있다는 믿음에 기초하고 있다.

physicaltherapy.
물리치료.

physicaltherapy.
물리 치료.

phthalin.
프탈린.

photospectroscope.
사진 분광기.

photog..
사진[패션] 잡지.

photog..
보도 사진사.

photoelectron.
광전자.

photodisintegration.
광붕괴.

photodisintegration.
광괴변.

phosphorescence.
인광.

phosphorescence.
인광을 내다.

phos..
인광석.

phon..
음성 표기법.

phlebitis.
정맥염.

philosophism.
사이비 철학.

philosophism.
야호선.

phil..
필리핀 군도.

phil..
빌레몬서.

phial.
작은 약병.

phew , the list goes on forever.
휴 , 이런 목록은 계속됩니다.

phasemodulation.
위상 변조.

pharmacology.
약학.

phallicism.
생식기 숭배.

phallicism.
남근숭배.

phallicism.
음경 숭배.

petulance.
찜부럭.

petulance.
조급증.

petticoat.
여인 천하.

petticoat.
엄처시하.

petticoat.
바둑무늬가 있는 속치마.

persevering.
끈질기다.

persevering.
악착같다.

peroration.
논결.

peroration.
결론짓다.

permensem.
달마다.

permanenttooth.
영구치.

perissodactyl.
기제류의 동물.

periosteum.
골막.

periosteum.
치근막.

perihelion.
근일점.

perihelion.
근점 거리.

perihelion.
근점.

performative.
집도.

performative.
과제를 수행하다.

performative.
서커스를 하다.

percolation.
삼입.

percept.
지각력.

percapita.
일인 평균.

peony.
모란.

peony.
모란꽃.

peony.
작약.

pensioner.
연금 수급자.

pensioner.
노령 연금 수령자.

pennywort.
피막이풀.

penicillium.
푸른 곰팡이.

penicillium.
푸른곰팡이.

fem analytical study on the water penetration into concrete under water pressure.
수압을 받는 콘크리트내의 수분 침투에 관한 fem 해석 연구.

pemphigus.
천포창.

pegboard.
못걸이.

peeress.
귀족의 부인.

pedigree.
계보.

pedigree.
가계.

ed's pedigree is in his genes.
ed의 혈통은 타고난 거야.

peccary.
페커리.

peccadillo.
미죄.

peanutbutter.
땅콩버터.

patternmaker.
모형 제작자.

patternmaker.
도안가.

patriarch.
가부장.

patriarch.
총주교.

pathogen.
병원체.

patentor.
전매특허권 수여자.

patentor.
전매특허수여자.

patentor.
특허권수여자.

patchy fog.
군데군데 끼는 안개.

sparring.
대련.

sparring.
스파링.

sparring.
스파링 파트너.

rooftop.
옥상.

rooftop.
지붕 꼭대기.

rooftop.
옥탑방.

parole.
가석방.

parole.
가출옥.

parole.
선서를 파기하다.

parishioner.
교구민.

p.p..
소포 우편.

paratyphoid.
파라티푸스.

paratyphoid.
파라티푸스균.

parakeets , bee eaters , golden orioles and native peacocks are found in the parks while wetlands provide rich feeding grounds for spoonbills , resident flamingos and painted storks.
공원에서 잉꼬 , 딱새류 , 유럽꾀고리 , 야생 공작이 발견되는 반면 습지는 저어새 , 거주하는 홍학새 , 홍대머리황새들의 풍부한 먹이를 제공한 다.

savanna.
사바나.

papilla.
미뢰.

paperboard.
판지.

paparazzo.
파파라치.

pantomimist.
무언극 배우.

pantomimist.
팬터마임을 하는 사람.

panfry.
지지다.

panfry.
생선을 지지다.

panfry.
고기를 지지다.

epimetheus fell in love with pandora at first sight.
에피메테우스는 첫 눈에 판도라와 사랑에 빠졌습니다.

whim.
변덕.

pancreaticjuice.
췌액.

palmistry.
수상점.

palmistry.
장문을 보다.

pallbearer.
상여꾼.

susie turned pale at the news , as well she might.
susie가 그 소식을 듣고 창백해진 것도 무리가 아니다.

paleface.
창백한 인텔리.

unrequited love is often very painful.
짝사랑은 때로 매우 괴로운 것이다.

spiritualism , paranormal phenomenon and neo-paganism also come under the broad heading of new age.
유심론 , 과학적으로 설명할 수 없는 현상 , 그리고 신이교주의도 또한 뉴에이지의 넓은 범주에 들어옵니다.

quotidian.
며느리고금.

quitclaim.
권리 포기.

quipu.
결승 문자.

quindecagon.
십오각형.

quickset.
취병.

quickset.
취병(을) 틀다.

quicklime.
생석회.

quibble.
어물쩍거리다.

quaternary.
제사기.

quaternary.
사기화합물.

quasi-static tests for seismic performance of circular rc bridge piers.
단일주 원형 철근콘크리트 교각의 내진거동에 관한 준정적 실험.

quartic.
사차의.

quarterbinding.
배혁 제본.

quantified to an equation , thomas reid's transitivity of identity is the principle that : if a = b , and b = c , then a = c.
방정식에 양을 정하는 , 토마스 리드의 동일성에 관한 타동성에는 원리가 있습니다 : if a = b , and b = c , then a = c.

suzman admits that south african theatre is in a quandary.
수즈만은 남아프리카의 극장이 곤경에 처해있는 것을 인정했다.

quakerly.
퀘이커.

write-off rates on credit cards have quadrupled since 1997.
카드부채 탕감률은 1997년이래로 4배나 상승하였다.

quadrilateral.
네모꼴의.

quadrilateral.
사각형.

quadrilateral.
네모.

rustler.
소도둑.

rustler.
소도둑놈.

urbanity and rurality of school facilities.
학교건축의 도시성과 농촌성.

ruralist.
전원생활주의자.

runthrough.
다 써 버리다.

runthrough.
예행연습을 하다.

rummagesale.
바자회.

ruminant.
반추 동물.

ruminant.
반추위.

rudder.
균형 방향타.

rudder.
방향타.

rudder.
평형타.

rubefacient.
발적제.

rubbishy.
개떡같다.

rubbishy old films.
쓰레기 같은 옛날 영화들.

royaljelly.
로열 젤리.

julie's book , rowboat in a hurricane is her account of this amazing trip.
허리케인에서 노 젓는 보트라는 줄리의 책은 이 놀라운 여행에 대한 그녀의 기술입니다.

roughneck.
개망나니.

roughneck.
험객.

roseola.
장미진.

rosebay.
협죽도.

rosebay.
산진달래.

roper.
로퍼 인더스트리스.

roothair.
근모.

roofing.
루핑.

roofing.
개와.

roofing.
지붕 기와.

romanize.
한국어를 로마자로 표기하다.

romanize.
한글을 로마자로 표기하다.

romanize.
구문 전보.

romancatholicchurch.
천주교회.

rollcall.
점호.

rollcall.
선생님이 출석을 부르기 시작했다..

roentgenograph.
엑스(광)선사진.

roentgenograph.
엑스선 사진.

rockandroll.
로큰롤.

roadster.
로드스터.

roadstead.
항외 정박지.

rill.
유흔.

rill.
곡간.

rigor mortis usually sets in between two and four hours after death.
사후 경직은 사망 후 두 시간에서 네 시간 사이에 일어난다.

rightist.
우익.

rightist.
우경화하다.

rightist.
우경 학생.

rightfielder.
우익수.

spout.
내뿜다.

rickettsia.
리케차.

rhombic.
사방형의.

rhombic.
마름모의.

rhombic.
마름모꼴의.

rhizoid.
가근.

revolvingdoor.
회전문.

revile.
악담.

revile.
만매.

reverberate.
울리다.

reverberate.
메아리가 울리다.

retrogressive.
역행적인.

retrogressive.
퇴보적인.

uwe boll has posted a rousing video retort of his own.
샘이 그것은 자기 잘못만큼이나 내 잘못이기도 하다고 응수했다.

resurrectionist.
묘구도적.

twelfth.
제십이.

twelfth.
열두째.

electroactive.
교독.

respondence.
상응.

rejoicing.
희희낙락.

rejoicing.
흔감.

rejoicing.
대경.

resole.
창을 갈다.

resole.
창갈이하다.

resole.
구두창을 갈다.

reportcard.
성적표.

redo.
뜯어고치다.

rente.
자취방.

rente.
셋방.

remunerate.
보수를 주다.

remora.
빨판상어.

remembrancer.
추억거리.

unpatriotic.
비애국적.

unpatriotic.
비애국적인.

unpatriotic.
매국 행위.

reluctivity.
항자율.

reiki is not religiously connected and is performed by people of all belief systems and walks of life , their common thread being a desire to help others heal.
영기요법은 종교적으로 관련이 있는 것이 아니고 다른 사람들의 치유를 소망한다는 공통된 요소를 가지고 모든 종교 집단과 각계 각층의 사 람들에 의해서 수행되는 것이에요.

religionism.
종교를 금하다.

religionism.
종교.

rejoinder.
답언.

reinsure.
재보험.

reinsure.
피재보험자.

rehearing.
재심리.

registrationnumber.
자동차 번호.

regelation.
복빙.

refrigeratory.
냉각 탱크.

refr..
빛의 굴절 현상.

reflation.
리플레이션.

reflation.
리플레이션 정책.

reflation.
경기 부양책.

reestablish.
재정립.

reestablish.
재흥.

reestablish.
각오를 새롭게 다지다.

reenlist.
재복무.

redtide.
적조.

rediscover a hobby who were you before you got all stressed ?.
취미를 재발견하라 모든 스트레스를 받기 전 , 여러분은 누구였는가 ?.

rediscover korea by joining me in my explorations of pansori , taekyun and kyungbuk palace !.
판소리 , 택견 , 그리고 경복궁에 대한 나의 탐험에 함께 함으로써 한국을 재발견해보라 !.

redhunt.
멸공.

recur.
또다시 일어나다.

recur.
순환급수.

recrudescence.
재연.

recourse.
상환 청구권.

recourse.
상환 청구.

recourse.
법률에 호소하다.

reconcile.
화해.

recoin.
개주.

receivership.
법정관리.

receivership.
(회사가) 청산 중이다.

receivership.
법정관리에 들어가다.

rearguard.
후속 부대.

rearguard.
후방 부대.

rearguard.
후군.

reaper.
저승사자.

realtor.
부동산 중개인.

realtor.
부동산 매매업자.

realtor.
토지 매매 브로커.

realign.
재정비.

realign.
당을 재정비하다.

realgar.
계관석.

realgar.
산다락.

synovia.
활액.

syngamy.
배우자융합.

synecdoche.
제유법.

synecdoche.
대유법.

syncline.
향사.

sylviculture.
조림법.

syllabary.
음절 문자.

saice.
말굽은.

amethod tested in switzerland may offer a new way to treat burns.
스위스에서 시행된 테스트로 화상 치료에 새 장이 열릴지 모르겠습니다.

switchyard.
조차장.

swipes.
쌔비다.

swipes.
슬쩍하다.

swipes.
훔쳐먹다.

swinger.
검극물.

snakebite serum scarce the manufacturer of a widely used snakebite serum is warning that the drug will be scarce in the coming months.
독사 해독제 품귀 현상 널리 사용되는 독사 해독제 제조업체가 향후 몇 개월 동안 이 약품이 공급 부족 현상을 겪게 될 것이라고 경고하고 있 다.

sweetshop.
과자점.

sweeting.
달콤하다.

sweeting.
단맛이 나다.

recklessness and accidents are sure to sweep every thoroughfare.
무모함과 사고들은 모든 도로를 쓸어버릴 것이다.

hdm(housing development management) program of lund university in sweden.
스웨덴 lund 대학교 hdm.

sweatshops are also a hot topic in today's modern global economy.
노동력착취는 또한 오늘날 현대의 세계 경제의 큰 문제이다.

sweatpants.
트레이닝팬츠.

swampy.
저습지.

swampy.
지질펀펀한 들.

suspensionbridge.
현수교.

spotless.
깨끗하다.

spotless.
무구하다.

sureenough.
아니나 다를까.

sureenough.
과연.

sureenough.
아닌 게 아니라.

supplicator.
탄원자.

supplicator.
기도자.

suppliant.
애원자.

sup..
벌렁 눕다.

supersensible.
초감각적.

superrealism.
쉬르레알리슴.

supernova explosions , which are the death throes of the most massive stars , play a crucial role in cosmic evolution.
가장 거대한 별의 종말 진통인 , 초신성 폭발은 우주 진화에 결정적인 역할을 합니다.

superheterodyne.
슈퍼 수신기.

superheterodyne.
슈퍼헤테로다인.

superfine fibres.
극세사.

superexcellent.
수일하다.

supercharge.
과급.

superannuated.
노폐.

superannuated.
노후화되다.

superannuated.
노후 차량.

sunnyside.
계란 프라이라면 나도 만들 수 있어..

gekkos , panther chameleons , frogs and the female common sunbird anisty perched on a eucalyptus tree kept me captivated.
인근으로부터의 차량을 다른 곳으로 돌리기위한 접근로와 눈을 즐겁게 해줄 녹지를 조성할 것을 약속한 가운데 , 애리조나 관광청은 메사 교 외에 애리조나 선버즈팀이 이용할 3억 9천만 달러의 경기장 건설 추진을 위한 양해각서를 승인했다.

sumup.
간추리다.

sumup.
누계를 내다.

sumac berries grow on small trees with feather-compound leaves.
옻나무 열매는 털이 북슬북슬한 나뭇잎이 있는 작은 나무에서 자라요.

sulfurousacid.
아황산.

sulfurdioxide.
무수 아황산.

sulfite.
아황산염.

sulfite.
아황산나트륨.

suffragist.
참정권론자.

suffragist.
여성 참정권론자.

suez.
수에즈 운하.

suez.
수에즈.

sudorific.
발한제.

rainier's son , prince albert , 47 , is being groomed as a successor.
rainer의 아들인 47살 albert 왕자는 후계자로써 뒤를 이을 준비를 하고 있다.

succeeder.
승계하다.

succeeder.
그녀는 과연 성공할 수 있을까 ?.

subtonic.
도음.

subtemperate.
아온대.

subst..
이름씨.

subpoena.
소환장.

subpoena.
소환장을 발부하다.

suboxide.
하급 산화물.

suboxide.
아산화물.

submicron particle collection characteristics of a combination air filter for room air conditioner.
에어컨용 복합식 에어필터의 서브마이크론 입자 포집특성.

submachinegun.
따발총.

subjectivity.
주관성.

sub..
부주필.

sub..
막하.

sub..
요속.

subchaser.
구잠정.

subaqueous.
잠수 영법.

styx.
삼도내를 건너다.

styx.
삼도내.

stylet.
추상체.

struma.
연주창.

struma.
갑상선종.

struma.
갑상샘종.

strongpoint.
장점.

strongpoint.
진지를 구축하다.

strongpoint.
공격 거점.

stroboscopic.
스트로보.

stringency.
자금난.

stringency.
금융 핍박.

stringency.
금융 경색.

strikeout.
삼진.

strikeout.
스트라이크 아웃.

streaked.
아롱다롱하다.

streaked.
노랑눈썹솔새.

troposphere.
대류권.

strass.
모조보석.

tumbler.
컵.

tumbler.
술잔.

straightaway.
일면연구.

straggling.
인가가 산재한 마을.

unload.
짐을 내리다.

storehouse.
저장고.

storehouse.
창고.

storehouse.
곳집.

stomp the soil down around the roots after planting a tree.
나무를 심은 뒤에 뿌리 주변의 흙을 다져 주어라.

stomatology.
구강 의학.

stolon.
포복지.

keogh nipped in and stole the ball.
keogh가 갑자기 뛰어서 공을 잡았다.

stokesia.
스토케시아.

stockfish.
건어물.

stockfish.
건어.

stockfish.
어물.

stockade.
울짱.

stillborn.
사산아.

stillborn.
사아.

stickful.
채.

stickful.
붙어서 떨어지지 않다.

stickful.
먹.

sternway.
후진.

stereotypical spinster characters were portrayed in the film.
전형적인 올드 미스의 성격들이 그 영화에서 묘사되었다.

stereophonic.
입체음향.

stereophonic.
스테레오[하이파이] 전축.

stereophonic.
입체 음향.

stepmother.
계모.

stepmother.
의붓어머니.

stepmother.
의붓어미.

stentorian.
고음의.

stenochromy.
다색 인쇄법.

stenochromy.
다색동시인쇄법.

steelblue.
강청색.

steelblue.
철색.

stave.
굶주림을 면하다.

stave.
오선.

statutoryrape.
원조 교제.

statuary.
조상.

statuary.
조각품.

stationagent.
역장.

statesocialism.
국가 사회주의.

stasis.
혈행정지(증).

startingpoint.
원점.

startingpoint.
출발점.

startingpoint.
기점.

starry.
별이 총총한 하늘.

starry.
별이 총총한 밤.

starry.
별이 초롱초롱한 밤.

starboard !.
우현으로 , 키를 우로 !.

stannary.
석광.

stannary.
주석광산.

standingrules.
현행 규칙.

stalwart.
용강하다.

stalwart.
호탕.

stalwart.
실팍지다.

stalinism.
스탈린주의.

sequential analysis and measurements for space frame structure.
스페이스 프레임 구조물의 시공단계별 해석 및 계측.

stagy.
연극조의.

stableman.
마방집.

zara opened its first shop in 1975 in a coruna in galicia , north west spain.
자라는 1975년에 첫 지점을 스페인 북서부 갈리시아의 라 코루냐에 열었다. (a coruna - 라 코루냐로 지명 표기).

alyssa picks up a ball , squints to aim , and whips it overhand.
알리사는 공을 들고 , 눈을가늘게 뜨며 겨냥한다음 , 재빠르게 그것을 내리쳤다.

squib.
우의적인 이야기.

squadcar.
경찰차.

springhead.
천원.

spotmarket.
현물시장.

sport..
총사냥.

sport..
운동 용구.

spoof e-mails and phone calls can lead unsuspecting customers to giving out personal information.
악성 이메일이나 전화는 의심을 하지 않는 고객들로 하여금 개인 정보를 누설하게끔 만듭니다.

jemini pandya is a spokeswoman for the iom.
제미니 판디야는 국제 이주 기구의 대변인입니다.

ucla.
ucla까지는 어느 정도 걸립니까 ?.

ucla.
ucla에서 1개월 정도 어학 연수를 받을 겁니다..

carmichael , which is based in minneapolis , will almost triple in size by adding 19 major daily newspapers to its current 11.
미네아폴리스에 본사를 두고 있는 카마이클 사는 기존의 11개 신문에 19개의 주요 일간지를 더함으로써 규모 면에서 세 배로 확장될 것이다.

spoilsport.
흥을 깨는 사람.

splay.
팔자걸음을 걷다.

splay.
여덟팔자걸음.

spirochete.
스피로헤타.

spirituality based teaching stems from humans whose knowledge is based on non-repeatable and unverifiable faith , intuition , and inspiration.
가르침을 토대로 한 영성은 지식이 반복할 수 없고 증명할 수 없는 믿음 , 직관 , 그리고 영감에 바탕을 둔 인간에게서 나옵니다.

spiritism.
정령 숭배.

spiritism.
강신술.

spiritism.
심령학.

spinner.
방적업자.

sacroiliac.
선장관절.

spiegeleisen.
경철.

spidery fingers.
가늘고 기다란 손가락.

kimchijjigae is typical of spicy and hot food in korea.
김치찌개는 자극적이고 매운 한국 음식을 대표한다.

spheroidal.
장구면.

spheroidal.
편구.

spermoil.
경뇌유.

spellbind.
매료.

speechtherapy.
언어 요법.

abis interface technical report for cdma2000 spread spectrum systems.
imt2000 3gpp2 - cdma2000 대역확산 시스템의 abis 인터페이스 기술보고서.

spectroscopy.
분광학.

spectroscopy.
천체분광술.

spectroheliograph.
단광태양사진기.

uppermost.
맨 위의.

uppermost.
한계점에 도달하다.

uppermost.
최상층.

sp..
스페인의 영토를 빼앗다.

southwesterly.
남서풍.

southwesterly.
서남풍.

sousaphone.
수자폰.

soundwave.
음파.

sooty.
검댕투성이의.

sooty.
검댕 투성이의.

sooty.
철매투성이의.

sonofabitch.
종자.

songbooks are being handed to everyone.
모두에게 노래책을 나눠 주고 있다.

somewheres.
묵을 곳.

somewheres.
어디 좀 나가 있었어..

somewheres.
모처.

somatology.
인체학.

somatology.
생체학.

somatology.
물체학.

sol..
용해성의.

sol..
지방에 용해하다.

solipsism asks , if a tree falls in a forest , and nobody perceives that it falls , has it fallen ?.
유아론에서는 만약 숲에서 나무가 한 그루 넘어졌는데 아무도 그 사실을 모른다면 , 그 나무가 과연 넘어진 거냐는 질문을 하거든.

solicitation.
간원.

solicitation.
간망.

solenoid.
솔레노이드.

soldiering.
군인 생활.

soldiering.
조직적 태업.

solareclipse.
일식.

socialsecurity.
사회보장.

socialsecurity.
사회 보장.

bori : well , it's true that a lot of people who like to socialize are here.
보리 : 사회활동에 참여하기를 좋아하는 많은 사람들이 저희 동아리에 있다는 것은 사실이에요.

soakers.
폭음가.

soakers.
술고래.

snowplow.
제설차.

snowplow.
전제동을 걸다.

snowplow.
제설기.

snowleopard.
흰표범.

snippet.
단편적 뉴스.

snell.
목줄.

any79 , along with other internet groups such as aquaand snail , finally put together their first public event in early september 2000.
" any79 " 는 " aqua " 와 " snail " 같은 다른 인터넷 그룹과 함께 마침내 자신들의 공공 이벤트를 2000년 9월에 조직했다.

snaggletooth.
덧니.

snaggletooth.
덧니가 나다.

snaggletooth.
덧니박이.

smacker.
뽀뽀.

slyly.
반질반질.

slyly.
똥구멍으로 호박씨 깐다.

slyly.
능글맞다.

scapegoat.
희생 양.

scapegoat.
속죄양.

sluggard.
굼벵이.

sluggard.
늘보.

sluggard.
느리광이.

slowcoach.
느림보.

slowcoach.
무딘 사람.

slopshop.
기성복점.

slipstream.
반류.

slipstream.
프로펠러 후류.

slicker.
비옷.

sleeveless.
나시.

sleeveless.
민소매 셔츠.

sleeveless.
민소매 셔츠[원피스]를 입다.

sleepingbag.
침낭.

slagwool.
광물면.

slacken.
늦추다.

slacken.
바람나가다.

slacken.
고삐를 늦추다.

skyjacking.
하이잭.

skyjacking.
공중 납치.

skyjacking.
스카이잭.

skulk.
번질거리다.

skulk.
살금살금 돌아다니다.

skingrafting.
식피.

skeptic.
회의론자.

skeptic.
회의파.

hyun-jin's sixteenth birthday is coming up.
현진이의 16번째 생일이 다가오고 있어요.

sittingduck.
봉.

sisterly.
형제의.

sisterly.
자매사이.

sirius is the brightest star in the sky.
시리우스는 하늘에서 가장 밝은 별이다.

sirenian.
해우류.

sinkhole.
함락공.

singh..
실론 사람.

simpleinterest.
단리.

exopa's director sima ibrahim.
" 그들 중 많은 사람들이 유럽으로 가기를 원하지만 유럽인들이 그들에게서 그렇게 되기를 원하는 사이즈 때문에 모든 이들에게 기회가 주어 지는 것은 아닙니다. " 고 exopa의 책임자 sima ibrahim이 말했다.

silversmith.
금은 세공자.

silversmith.
은장.

silversmith.
은방.

silverleaf.
은박.

silo.
사일로.

silken ribbons.
실크 리본.

siliconvalley.
실리콘 밸리.

silentdischarge.
무성 방전.

signatory.
조인국.

signatory.
서명국.

signatory.
체맹국.

sideshow.
여흥으로.

sickbed.
병상.

sickbed.
병석.

sickbed.
병들어 눕다.

shutterbug.
그는 대단한 사진광이에요..

shutterbug.
사진광.

tibetans across the world should shun staging demonstrations in front of chinese embassies in the respective host countries they live in , spokesman thubten samphel told reporters.
" 전세계의 티벳인들은 각각의 주최국 대사관 앞에서 시위하는 것을 피해야 합니다 ," 라고 대변인 툽텐 샘펠이 기자들에게 말했습니다.

wail.
통곡.

wail.
오열.

helier was created by something of a shotgun marriage in 1999.
st. helier (병원)은 1999년 급히 처리되어야 할 어떤 일에 의해서 생겼다.

shortstop.
유격수.

shortstop.
쇼트를 보다.

shortstop.
쇼트.

shopwindow.
쇼윈도.

shopwindow.
가게 진열창을 치장하다.

shopwindow.
윈도.

shooter.
총.

shooter.
6연발 권총.

shooter.
6연발 단총.

shipowner.
선주.

shipowner.
선박 소유자.

tempest.
폭풍.

tempest.
폭풍 전의 고요.

kaji sherpa , 34 , started from a base camp at 17 , 500 feet at 4 p*m* local time on saturday.
34세의 카지 셰르파는 현지 시간으로 토요일 오후 4시에 17 , 500피트 지점에 설치한 베이스 캠프를 출발했어요.

kaji sherpa , 34 , started from a base camp at 17 , 500 feet at 4 p*m* local time on saturday ,.
34세의 카지 셰르파는 현지 시간으로 토요일 오후 4시에 17 , 500피트 지점에 설치한 베이스 캠프를 출발했다.

scarves.
급하게 먹다.

scarves.
머플러를 두르다.

scarves.
목도리를 하다.

shellacking.
셸락.

shellacking.
랙 칠.

shank.
정강이.

shank.
삘기살.

shank.
죽바디.

leonard-hill investments is looking to fill the following position for its shanghai location.
레너드힐 투자회사가 상하이 지사에 근무할 사람을 아래와 같이 구합니다.

shallot.
염교.

sh ! i heard a noise.
가만 , 무슨 소리가 났어.

sextuple.
6배.

sextuple.
육배.

-sexed.
성 관계를 갖다.

sexangle.
육각.

setoff.
출발.

setoff.
촉발시키다.

sesamoid.
종자골.

sesamoid.
종자연골.

servo.
서보브레이크.

serried ranks of soldiers.
밀집 대형으로 늘어선 군인들.

glycine is substituted serine at position 269 in the hexa subunit.
단맛은 설탕과 알데히드 , 케톤 그리고 아미노산 , 글리신 , 알라닌 그리고 세린을 포함한 다른 분자에 대한 반응입니다.

serialize.
시리즈로 출판하다.

serialize.
몇회.

serialize.
연재되다.

bondservant.
농노 해방.

sequestration.
차압.

sequestration.
압류.

sepulcher.
뫼.

septet.
칠중주.

septet.
칠중창.

septet.
칠중항.

sepal.
꽃받침 조각.

sepal.
복악.

sensitometer.
감광계.

senility.
노망.

senility.
노화 현상.

semivowel.
반모음.

semiofficial.
반관반민의.

semiofficial.
반관적.

semiofficial.
반관반민의 기구.

seminal.
토정.

seminal.
정액 사출.

semicentennial.
오십년제.

weekender.
행락객.

weekender.
주말여행자.

seemly.
적당.

seemly.
볼품이 좋다.

seduce.
후리다.

securityrisk.
안보의 위협.

secateurs.
전지가위.

seawall.
방파제.

seawall.
방파제를 보강하다.

seascape.
바다 경치 그림[사진].

seascape.
바다의 풍경.

seascape.
바다경치.

seamark.
항로 목표.

sealingwax.
봉랍.

seahorse.
해마.

seabathing.
해수욕.

scuttlebutt.
소문.

stinking water covered by a thick green scum.
걸쭉한 녹색 거품이 잔뜩 떠 있는 악취가 나는 물.

scruffy pair of jeans.
후줄그레한 청바지 한 벌.

scrubby.
지질컹이.

scrubby vegetation.
키 작은 초목들.

scrimp.
돈을 알뜰히 쓰다.

scratcher.
등굵이.

scratcher.
등긁이.

scratcher.
몸솔.

scotchman.
스코틀랜드 사람.

scornfully.
깔보고 웃다.

sconce.
촛대.

sconce.
초꽂이.

sconce.
고콜.

sci.
에스에프.

sci.
사미나 에스아이씨.

schoolmate.
학교 친구.

schoolmate.
글동무.

schoolchild.
초등학생.

schoolchild.
학동.

schoolchild.
취학 아동.

schematize.
도식으로 나타내다.

sceneshifter.
대도구사.

opimum maintenance scenario model for steel bridges considering life-cycle cost and performance.
생애주기 비용과 성능을 고려한 강교량의 최적 유지관리 시나리오 선정 모델.

scarecrow.
허수아비.

scarecrow.
방아다리.

scarab.
풍뎅이.

joo-young park got a good scald on soccer , and he is still growing.
박주영은 축구에서 크게 성공했고 아직도 성장하고 있다.

sawbuck.
10달러 지폐.

saurel.
전갱이.

sat..
사투르누스.

sateen.
모수자.

saracenic.
사라센 건축.

saprophyte.
사물 기생 식물.

santonica.
산토니카.

skr..
범어.

sanfrancisco.
샌프란시스코.

sandpaper.
사포.

sandpaper.
샌드페이퍼.

sandpaper.
연마지.

sandarac.
계관석.

amrit.
축성.

rayburn.
샘을 해고하는 게 좋겠습니다..

rayburn.
엉클샘.

salvo.
일제 사격.

saltpeter.
칠레 초석.

salespromotion.
판촉.

salespromotion.
판매 촉진.

salamander.
도롱뇽.

salamander.
산초어.

salamander.
큰도롱뇽.

sailingboat.
범선.

sailingboat.
요트.

sailingboat.
돛단배.

sago pudding.
사고 푸딩.

safetypin.
옷핀.

safetypin.
안전핀.

saddlecloth.
언치.

saccharimeter.
검당계.

vacuoles are fluid filled sacs in the cell.
액포는 세포에 있는 액체로 가득 찬 주머니이다.

typefoundry.
주자소.

tympanites.
고창.

tympanites.
창증.

twitter.
울음소리.

twine.
끈.

tutelary.
서낭단.

tutelary.
터주.

tussah.
천잠사.

tussah.
작잠.

tussah.
멧누에 나방.

turtledove.
산비둘기.

turtledove.
호도애.

turtledove.
원앙애.

turndown.
사양하다.

turndown.
고사하다.

turfman.
경마광.

turbinal.
가스 터빈.

turbinal.
수력 터빈.

turbinal.
증기 터빈.

tumescent.
부은.

tucket.
팡파르.

yuya oikawa of japan finished second (69.02) with tucker fredericks of the united states taking third (69.03).
미국 tucker fredericks 선수가 3등(69.03초)을 차지하면서 일본의 yuya oikawa 선수는 2등(69.02초)을 했다.

tuba.
튜바.

ttt : what do you think about this , susie ?.
ttt : susie , 이 문제에 대해 어떻게 생각해요 ?.

ttt : so , why do you guys think there are way too many female teachers in the first place ?.
ttt : 그렇다면 , 우선 , 왜 너무 많은 여자 교사들이 있는 걸까요 ?.

tr..
피신탁자.

tr..
관선 이사.

winton has played the trumpet since he was five years old.
윈턴은 다섯살때부터 트럼펫을 불었다.

truffe.
송로.

trudge.
터덜거리다.

trudge.
터벅거리다.

truckle.
엎쳐뵈다.

trover.
횡령물회복소송.

troubadour.
트루바두르.

tpr..
낙하산병.

trompe.
낙수송풍기.

trodden.
짓밟히다.

trodden.
발헤엄하다.

trivium.
삼학.

triservice.
삼군 의장대.

triploid.
삼배체.

trilobate.
삼렬엽.

trigon.
삼각기둥.

trigon.
세모기둥.

tricot.
트리코.

trichinosis.
선모충병.

tribometer.
마찰계.

tribalism.
트라이벌리즘.

tribalism.
부족의.

tribalism.
부족사회.

triangulate.
삼각형으로 만들다.

treefrog.
청개구리.

transuranic.
초우라늄 원소.

trsd.
이조 악기.

transoceanic.
도양.

transoceanic.
저 대양 너머의 대륙.

transoceanic.
대양 횡단 비행.

translocate.
상호전좌.

transience.
뜬구름과 같은 인생.

tranquilizer.
신경안정제.

tranquilizer.
정신 안정제.

trampoline springs are made from high density galvanized steel.
트램펄린 용수철들은 고밀도 아연강으로 만들어졌다.

tram.
전차.

tram.
광석차.

tram c follows the same path , but in the opposite direction , with its first stop at the administration center.
트램 c도 노선은 같지만 , 관리 사무소에서 출발하여 반대방향으로 운행됩니다.

wads.
솜버선.

wads.
솜뭉치.

wads.
솜 뭉텅이.

towtruck.
견인차.

towtruck.
레커차.

towner.
시외 거주자.

towelrack.
수건걸이.

tourmalin.
전기석 집게.

tourmalin.
전기석.

tourmalin.
전기석집게.

touchline.
터치라인.

touchline.
측선.

topmanagement.
수뇌부.

topmanagement.
톱 매니지먼트.

toots.
뚜뚜.

toots.
뚜.

tonn..
톤수.

tonn..
돈수.

tonk.
싸구려주점.

tonecontrol.
음색 조절 장치.

tonal contrast is the difference between the light and dark areas.
색조의 대비는 그림에서 밝고 어두운 부분의 차이이다.

tommyatkins.
영국군인.

tollroad.
고속도로.

tolerably.
엔간히.

tolerably.
쑬쑬히.

tolerably.
저만저만.

togolese.
토고사람.

tocopherol.
토코페롤.

titlark.
논종다리.

titlark.
밭종다리.

titfortat.
앙갚음.

tis.
정훈 요원.

tinware.
양철 제품.

tinware.
주석 제품.

tinfoil.
은박지.

tinfoil.
알루미늄 포일.

tinfoil.
주석박.

timeworn.
낡아빠지다.

timeserving.
영합주의.

timedifference.
시차.

timedifference.
시간 차.

woodpecker.
딱따구리.

woodpecker.
탁목조.

woodpecker.
크낙새.

tightwad.
수전노.

underpants , panties , bras and tights are all underwear.
속바지 , 팬티 , 브래지어 , 타이즈 등은 모두 속옷이다.

tiered.
이중 곡가 제도.

tiered.
계단식 객석.

tidewater.
막사리.

tidewater.
조석수.

tidewater.
갯물.

tidalpowergeneration.
조력발전.

ticketbarrier.
개찰구.

thunderstone.
뇌부.

thumbtack.
압정.

thumbtack.
압핀.

throwoff.
벗다.

throve.
성업 중인 가게.

throve.
성업 중이다.

throve.
흥하다.

thrombin.
트롬빈.

throatlatch.
고들개.

thremmatology.
사육학.

thremmatology.
육종학.

thremmatology.
동식물양식학.

thou..
만.

thorianite.
방토륨석.

thirdperson.
삼자.

thill.
끌채.

thievish.
손거칠다.

thievish.
손(이) 거칠다.

ispaghula.
농후해지다.

-therm.
시온현상.

thermion.
열이온.

theodolite.
경위의.

theobromine.
테오브로민.

theism.
유신론.

theban.
테베.

theatergoer.
연극 애호가.

songpyun is the special food that koreans eat on chuseok , korea's thanksgiving day.
송편은 한국인들이 추석에 먹는 특별한 음식이에요.

thallus.
엽상체.

tetrodotoxin.
테트로도톡신.

tetragonal.
사각형의.

tetragonal.
정방추.

tetragonal.
정방정계.

tetrachord.
사음음계.

testamur.
시험합격증서.

terramycin.
테라마이신.

terebene.
테레빈.

tercentenary celebrations.
300주년 기념행사.

tenable.
신빙성 있는.

temerity.
배짱.

telly.
텔레비전.

telly.
텔레비전에.

teleology.
목적론.

teleology.
목적원인론.

videocassette.
비디오테이프.

videocassette.
비디오.

videocassette.
비디오카세트.

technicalsergeant.
하사.

teatowel.
행주.

teaser.
티저 광고.

desi's experience leading groups of climbers convinced him that teamwork is the most crucial factor in the success of any endeavor.
등산 단체들을 인솔하면서 데시는 무슨 일에건 팀워크가 성공의 가장 중요한 요소라는 것을 확신하게 되었습니다.

teaceremony.
다도.

taxistrip.
유도로.

saleh agha miran has the gas station where the taxis are waiting to fill up.
살레 아가 미란 씨는 주유소를 소유하고 있는데 , 그의 주유소 앞에는 항상 택시들이 기름을 넣으려고 줄을 서서 기다리고 있습니다.

taurine.
타우린.

taurine.
문어에는 타우린이 풍부하게 들어 있습니다..

tass.
타스.

tapioca.
타피오카.

tapemeasure.
줄자.

tapdance.
탭댄스.

tankard.
컵.

unattainable.
당연히 연애는 뒷전으로 밀리게 되고 최종 목표에 도달하기 힘들다는 걸 알게 됩니다.

tanganyika.
탕가니카.

tanganyika.
탕가니카호.

tamping.
충전 재료.

tamping.
전충.

tamping.
충전물.

tamarack.
미국 낙엽송.

tamarack.
미국낙엽송.

tallinn.
탈린.

-ceptor.
수험생.

-ceptor.
국세 조사원.

tactician.
전술가.

tactician.
정략가.

tactician.
병법가.

tactful.
기지있는.

tactful.
재지가 많은.

tactful.
기교하다.

melissa answered with a soft grunt as they stepped into the tacky eatery.
멜리사는 그들이 싸구려 식당에 들어갈때 약간 끙 앓는 소리를 내며 대답했다.

tachometer.
회전 속도계.

tachometer.
태코미터.

tachometer.
혈행계.

tabling.
식탁.

tabling.
테이블.

tabling.
탁자.

eructate.
안녕히 계세요/가세요..

(uterine) contraction.
자궁수축.

(ute schalz-laurenze) otte's aesthetic is demonstrated most powerfully in his piano music.
" (ute schalz-laurenze ) 오트의 미의식은 그의 피아노 음악에서 가장 강력하게 표현됩니다.

usurious.
고리채.

usurious.
고금리 사채 시장.

usurious.
체계돈.

english-english dictionaries come in useful to english study.
영영 사전은 영어 공부에 도움이 된다.

urtication.
가려움증.

urn resolution system.
urn 변환 시스템.

urin.
방뇨.

urbanite.
도시인.

uptodate.
오늘날까지.

uptodate.
여태(까지).

uptodate.
여태까지.

upholsterer.
실내를 장식하다.

upholsterer.
싸개쟁이.

unflinching.
백절불굴.

unflinching.
불요불굴의.

unflinching.
굴하지 않고.

unwrap.
포장을 풀다.

unwrap.
붕대를 풀다.

unwholesome.
불건전하다.

unwholesome.
불건전.

unwholesome.
비위생적인 식품.

untrod.
미답의.

untrod.
처녀설.

nevadans will see to it that the site stays untouched.
네바다 주 사람들은 그 지역이 훼손되지 않은 채로 있었음을 확실히 해두어야 할 것이다.

unthinking.
사려가 없는.

unthankful.
망은의.

unthankful.
망은.

untanned.
다루지 않은.

untanned.
무두질하지 않은.

unstring.
활시위를 풀다.

unsportsmanlike conduct.
스포츠맨답지 못한 행동.

unsew.
솔기를 뜯다.

unsew.
옷을 뜯다.

unsew.
뜯게질.

unsaddle.
안장을 풀다.

unsaddle.
안장을 내리다.

unrighteous.
부정당하다.

unrighteous.
부정당.

unrighteous.
옳은 길에서 벗어난 짓.

unrepair.
고장난 차를 방치하다.

unrefined sugar.
비정제당.

unreality.
비현실성.

unpracticed.
무경험의.

unpracticed.
생소.

unperturbed.
태연.

unperturbed.
틀수하다.

unperturbed.
눈썹도 까딱하지 않다.

dora slipped unobtrusively in through the back door.
도라는 불필요하게 관심을 끌지 않고 뒷문으로 슬그머니 들어갔다.

unnerve.
제독(을) 주다.

unmanly.
남자답지 않은.

unmanly.
여자 같은.

unleavened.
무교병.

unleavened.
무교절.

uniformitarian.
균일설.

unhesitating.
무소기탄.

unhesitating.
서슴없이.

unhesitating.
서슴지 않고.

um.. it's doing fine , i guess. i just hope it's not unhealthy.
글쎄.. 잘 굳고 있는 것 같아요. 몸에 나쁘지만 않으면 좋겠는데.

unguarded.
방비가 없는.

unguarded.
허점을 노리다.

unguarded.
허술한 틈을 노리다.

unframed.
무테의.

uncouth laughter.
무례한 웃음.

uneventful.
평탄.

undress.
벗다.

undress.
나체로 만들다.

undivided loyalty.
완전한 충실.

underpopulation.
인구과소.

underpin.
받침을 괴다[받치다].

underlaid.
넉자.

underfed.
영양 부족의.

packers.
저는 어느 누구의 포지션도 안전하다고 보지 않습니다. " (레드 스킨팀은 그린 베이 팩커즈와의 이번주 게임에서 가망이 없는 3점 실점 패배.

packers.
팀이다.).

underclothes.
속옷.

undefended borders.
경비가 없는 국경.

undecagon.
십일각형.

unctad.
운크타드.

uncounted scores of birds wash onto kuwait beaches , lying dead in droves of two or three.
무수한 새들이 쿠웨이트 해변에 밀려 들어와 두세 마리씩 떼지어 죽어 있다.

unclouded.
청천.

unchastity.
무절조.

unbleached.
깃광목.

unbleached.
생양목.

unbleached.
생베.

unadulterated foods.
아무 것도 섞지 않은 음식.

unadaptable.
무양무양하다.

unadaptable.
변모없다.

umpirage.
심판방해.

ultrasonics.
초음파학.

ultrasonics.
초음속학.

ultramodern.
첨단의.

ultramodern.
울트라모던.

ultramodern.
최신식.

ultrahighfrequency.
극초단파.

ultrahighfrequency.
초고주파.

vulturous.
독수리 같은.

vroom ! a sports car roared past.
부웅 ! 스포츠카 한 대가 굉음을 내며 지나갔다.

mtx : vroom ! vroom !.
mtx : 부릉부릉 !.

vowelgradation.
모음 변화.

vomer.
서골.

voltameter.
전기 계량기.

voltameter.
전압 전류계.

voltameter.
볼타미터.

vols.
제1권.

volcanism was very important in the history of mercury , said mark robinson of arizona state university , a scientist who is studying the planet.
" 화산 활동은 수성의 역사에서 매우 중요합니다 ," 수성을 연구하는 아리조나 주립 대학의 과학자 마크 로빈슨이 말했습니다.

orbison's vocal range spanned three octaves.
오비손의 목소리 음역은 세 옥타브를 넘나들었다.

viviparity.
모체 발아.

vitrics.
유리제조법.

vitelline.
난황막.

vitalforce.
정기.

visiblespeech.
시화법.

viscosimeter.
점도계.

vinylchloride.
염화 비닐.

ville.
모나코빌.

vignette.
콩트.

vignette.
바림.

gergory schulte spoke as the international atomic energy agency board began conference on iran in vienna.
그레고리 슐트 미국 대사는 국제 원자력 기구 이사회가 빈에서 이란 문제에 관한 회의를 시작했을대 이같이 말했습니다.

victoriafalls.
빅토리아폭포.

vicinity.
인근.

vicinity contactless integrated circuit cards : physical characteristics.
근방형 비접촉식 ic 카드의 물리적 특성.

vicepresident.
부통령.

good/bad vibes.
좋은/나쁜 느낌.

wally and andre meet , sit down , talk for almost two hours.
월리와 안드레는 만나서 거의 두 시간동안 앉은 채로 이야기했다.

verticillate.
돌려나기잎.

verticillate.
윤생엽.

vernacularize.
사투리.

vernacularize.
토어.

venturebusiness.
벤처기업.

venturebusiness.
모험 기업.

ventilate.
통하다.

ventilate.
공기를 넣다.

ventilate.
송풍.

vel..
모조지.

vel..
벨럼지.

vela.
돛자리.

vegetate.
와식.

vaunt.
호언.

vaticancity.
바티칸시국.

usan-guk was once a vassal state of silla.
우산국은 한때 신라의 속국이었다.

vasculum.
식물 채집 상자.

variegated.
얼럭덜럭.

variegated.
홀치기 염색의.

valedictory.
답사.

vagi.
미주 신경.

vacuumdischarge.
진공 방전.

wryneck.
개미잡이.

writhing in pain , nemcova suffered an even deeper anguish.
꿈틀거리는 뱀들이 너무 징그러웠다.

wristlet.
팔찌.

wristlet.
털토시.

wristlet.
등토시.

wrecker.
레커차.

wrecker.
난파선 구조선.

worshiper.
참배객.

worshiper.
배금주의자.

worshiper.
자연 숭배자.

wormy.
굴타리먹다.

workbox.
바느질고리.

wordclass.
품사.

woodworker.
목세공사.

woodworker.
목공품.

woodworker.
목세공.

woodshed.
나뭇간.

woodcock.
멧도요.

woodcock.
누른도요.

womanly qualities.
여자다운 특성들.

wo.
우어.

wo.
이러.

wo.
와.

witnessstand.
증언대.

witnessstand.
증인석.

wisent.
유럽들소.

wirephoto.
유선전송사진.

wiredrawn.
철사뽑기.

wiredrawn.
철사제조자.

winsome.
애교 있는.

wingtip.
익단.

wingcommander.
중령.

hot/cold/wet/fine/summer/windy , etc. weather.
더운/추운/궂은/좋은/여름/바람이 부는 날씨 등.

winch.
권양기.

winch.
윈치로 올리다[내리다].

winch.
윈치.

'lt.
슬다.

wile.
후림.

wile.
간책.

wile.
권모술수에 능하다.

wienie.
프랑크 소시지.

wickerwork.
우러리.

wickerwork.
곤포용 고리.

wickerwork.
고리장이.

whosever it was , it is now mine.
원래는 누구의 것이든 지금은 내 것이다.

whoa , stop there.
그만하세요.

whitsun.
성령 강림절.

whitenight.
백야.

whitelead.
백연.

whitelead.
연백.

whitehall are / is refusing to comment.
(영국) 정부에서는 논평을 거부하고 있다.

whistlestop.
간이역.

whippet.
고속 경전차.

whippet.
경전차.

whippet.
고속경전차.

whig.
앵앵거리다.

whew , i could not make it today.
휴 , 오늘 수업 시간에 맞춰 갈 수가 없었어.

wheresoever you go , go with all your heart. (confucius).
어디를 가든지 마음을 다해 가라. (공자 , 도전명언).

wheelbase.
축거.

whatchamacallit.
거시기.

westerly.
서쪽으로.

westerly.
서풍.

wellpoint.
웰포인트.

1'st wave korea welfare panel study in-depth analysis report.
2006 한국복지패널 심층분석 보고서.

weevil.
쌀벌레.

weevil.
바구미.

weevil.
소나무좀.

weevils can also eat the leaves.
바구미는 잎도 먹을 수 있다.

weedkiller.
제초제.

wednesdays. i am really looking forward to it.
수요일마다요. 아주 기다려져요.

weddingdress.
웨딩드레스.

weatherstation.
기상대.

weaselly.
족제비.

weaselly.
교묘히 면하다.

weaselly.
(일을 하지 않으려) 요리조리 잘 빠지다.

weakhearted.
잔질다.

wayworn.
객고에 시달리다.

waterworld aquarium's expert staff and volunteers are ready to answer your questions and to help you connect with our watery friends.
워터월드 수족관의 전문 직원들과 자원 봉사자들은 여러분의 질문에 대답해 드리고 , 여러분이 수중 친구들과 친숙해지도록 도와 드릴 준비 가 되어 있습니다.

millwheel.
물방아.

waterskin.
가죽 부대.

wl.
만재흘수선.

waterglass.
물유리.

waterbrash.
가슴앓이.

waterbrash.
유음.

watchcase.
백동 딱지.

waspish.
퍅하다.

washingmachine.
세탁기.

washbowl.
세숫대야.

washbowl.
대야.

washbowl.
세면기.

warningcoloration.
경계색.

wardroom.
사관실.

warden.
교도소장.

wanda sold a portion of her stock and profited $16 , 000.
완다는 자신이 보유하고 있는 주식의 일부를 매각해서 만 6천 달러의 수익을 올렸다.

wallstreet.
월가.

walkaway.
낙승.

waitingperiod.
대기 기간.

wainscot.
벽판.

wainscot.
용지판.

wad.
다발.

xylan.
크실란.

xmas.
크리스마스.

xmas.
멋진 크리스마스와 설날을 보내세요..

xerophthalmia.
안구건조증.

xerophthalmia.
안구 건조증.

xenophobe.
외국인 혐오자.

yuletide.
크리스마스 휴전.

yb.
이테르븀.

yikes ! would cnn not notice or not care ? i do not know which is worse.
악 ! cnn이 알지 못하는거야 아니면 무시하는거야 ? 나는 뭐가 나쁜지 모르겠어.

yep.
" 준비 됐니 ?" " 응. ".

yeasty.
이스트의.

yachtrace.
요트경기.

zymology.
발효학.

zootaxy.
동물 분류학.

zoonosis.
동물 질환.

zooblast.
동물 세포.

zoned housing land.
구획화된 주택 건설부지.

zr.
지르코늄.

zebu.
난쟁이 제부.

